Chapter 1
Cold winter air, humid and barely lit by the rising sun, was expelled from Wu Ying’s mouth as he exhaled. Seated cross-legged in the central courtyard of his house in the Sect, he breathed in a slow, rhythmic manner. Chi—the energy of the world—entered his body and circulated through his still, muscular, lean form with each breath. As he drew in more chi to spiral through the twelve cleared meridians of his body, the chi pushed and strained against them, bringing with it pain and pressure. Again and again, it circulated, passing from meridians to just below his navel as it entered his lower dantian. There, the energy was packed tightly with the accumulation of the last five months’ chi, energy gathered after his return from his expedition and throughout the winter months. Each breath brought more chi, his dantian a tight ball of energy that ached with the accumulation, one that sought a release.
Holding the energy tightly, Wu Ying opened his eyes. Dark brown eyes stared outward, fixing upon his friend who sat before him. Liu Tou He, the ex-Buddhist monk who still wore the orange robes of his order and kept his head shaved, sat before Wu Ying, watching over him. Beside the monk, Fairy Yang was seated on a nearby table, reading a scroll and casting occasional glances at Wu Ying. Tou He stared at his friend placidly, offering only a single nod of reassurance.
Wu Ying shut his eyes once more, drew another deep breath, and set to it. Chi gushed from his dantian, following his meridians, rushing forward at an ever faster rate. Each breath brought another circulation among the greater and smaller meridian paths, scouring them clean of minor refuse. With all twelve regular chi meridians cleared, Wu Ying was ready. He had been ready for months to take the next step.
Another exhalation as Wu Ying focused and pushed the distractions aside. Energy thrummed through his body, beckoning him to move, to make use of it. But all this energy, this accumulation of chi, was for another reason. For the next stage. Wu Ying directed the chi at the first of the Energy Storage meridians—the Conception Meridian, ren mai[1]. Breaking through the blocked Conception Meridian and freeing it for use was the first step in the Energy Storage stage. At least for the Yellow Emperor cultivation style that he practiced. From there, the cultivator would have to open and cleanse the other seven meridians as dictated by his style.
Each breath cycled the chi, bringing the accumulated energy to bear. Each circulation wore away at the blockage, an internal blow against the vessels that made up his body. Each circulation was a punch in his chest that started from within then reversed as the energy rebounded. With each rebound, Wu Ying had to take control of the rebounding chi and redirect it to join the normal flow of chi in his meridians, even as he pushed against the blocked barrier. The amount of chi he was channeling was greater than the amount his meridians could handle, increasing the pain ever further.
His dantian was the dam that had held back the flow of chi, forced to build up to dangerous levels and threaten the flood plains of his body. Now, Wu Ying had released the flow of water—of chi—into the drainage ditches that criss-crossed the fields of his body. But the flow of water was so great that some of it gushed out, spilling into the fields where they were not meant to be, while the rest broke against the dirty jam at the drainage ditch that led to the next field. Each time the chi flowed back, it spilled and was lost, wasting Wu Ying’s months of careful husbanding. At the same time, the water damaged the fields.
Pain flowed through Wu Ying’s body, making his breath hitch and his body tense. It mattered not, for Wu Ying’s consciousness was concentrated within. At pushing and pushing at the blocked meridian. But no matter what he did, it would not give way. And in time, the gushing water subsided, the flow reduced. The impetus for his breakthrough receded. Even as his chi escaped, the pain faded, going from nerve-shattering, bone-breaking agony to the more subtle pressure of constant hurt.
A moment’s hesitation, then Wu Ying began the slow process of reacquiring what chi still flowed in his body. He dragged the overflowing energy back to his dantian, wrapped it behind the dam of his will, and reduced the flow within until it reached a manageable level. When he was done, only then did Wu Ying open his eyes.
“I failed,” Wu Ying admitted to his friend and Fairy Yang, though he knew they had sensed that already.
Tou He nodded placidly while Fairy Yang gave a simple curt nod before standing to leave. The most dangerous part of breaking through—or failing to break through—had passed. Though Wu Ying’s body hurt, smaller blood vessels broken, the damage—for a failed breakthrough—was minimal.
Drawing another deep breath, Wu Ying pushed aside the feelings of failure and closed his eyes again. He might have failed, but he still had work to do. Work to recover what chi he could, to contain it for his next attempt.
***
Wu Ying stood in the middle of a courtyard much larger and more ornate than his own. Seated in front of him was his Master, Elder Cheng. Master cum sponsor for the Sect. Even seated, Elder Cheng looked to be taller than most men Wu Ying had met. Elder Cheng’s oval face was framed with long, lustrous black hair, and like Fairy Yang, his disciple, he was dressed in the traditional green-and-black robes of an Elder of the Sect. By his side, Elder Cheng’s jian rested against the wooden chair he sat upon.
“It seems that you failed,” said Elder Cheng.
“Yes, Elder Cheng. I’m sorry,” said Wu Ying.
“It is no matter. We all fail at some point,” said Elder Cheng. “What is more important is that we learn from our failures. Now, what did you learn?”
Wu Ying hesitated as he considered his words. No use being dishonest with Elder Cheng. Wu Ying had been mulling over the failure for the last few hours, trying to work out what he had done wrong. “I did not have enough chi to break through to the next stage. My blockage must be harder than most.”
“Incorrect,” said Elder Cheng. “It was not that you had insufficient chi. It was that you had insufficient enlightenment. Cultivation is not just about an accumulation of energy. It is an accumulation of knowledge and experience. And you, you spent the entirety of winter in the Sect.”
“I did take some assignments…”
“Some. But none of those assignments pushed you. None of them expanded your mindset, expanded the type of experiences you have had. And while your dalliance with Li Yao has given you something new, have you drawn upon that to expand your cultivation?” said Elder Cheng. “Have you achieved any enlightenment from being with her?”
Wu Ying flushed as Elder Cheng blatantly spoke of Wu Ying’s budding romance with his fellow Inner Sect member.
“Don’t think that I chastise you because I seek your embarrassment. I do so for your own good. At your age, there are many competing desires. The flush of youth is strong. But this is also the time to expand upon your cultivation. When one turns twenty or thereabouts, breaking into the Energy Storage stage becomes significantly more difficult. The blockages in each meridian harden. It is possible to break through afterward, but it requires herbs and spiritual treasures. Expensive spiritual treasures.
“As for Core Cultivation, after thirty, it is extremely difficult. Too many gifted students fall by the wayside, thinking they have time, indulging in fleshy pleasures and their ego.”
Wu Ying blinked, never having had his teachers be so blatant about the difficulties of expanding one’s cultivation. He knew that there were roadblocks as one aged beyond the normal lifespan of a mortal. Even though each level of cultivation expanded one’s lifespan, the ease of ascending to the next level still favored the young. The additional lifespan that one gained from achieving a higher level of cultivation worked against the very laws of nature itself, or so it seemed.
“You should know that you are not one of those gifted sons of heaven. You have some skill. You have some ability. You have even achieved more enlightenment than most in the time I have known you. None of that truly matters if you do not seek to better yourself.”
“I’m sorry, Master. I will do better.” Wu Ying lowered his head.
“Good,” said Elder Cheng. “That is all that I will speak of this to you. From here, it is your decision. That too is fate. Now, your Senior has told me that you have improved your swordsmanship. Show me.”
Wu Ying nodded, walked to the center of the courtyard, and drew his sword. He paused, looking at Elder Cheng, and received a nod of acknowledgment. At first, Wu Ying started with basic forms of the Long family sword style. However, he soon diverged, adding in the movements of the Northern Shen and the Mountain Breaking Fist styles he had studied. Dragon sweeping the Branches turned into the Third mountain Fist which transformed into a sweep from the Northern Shen style before ending in the Dragon rises in the Morning. Motion to motion, form after form, he continued around the courtyard. It was fifteen minutes before he was done.
“Impressive,” said Elder Cheng. “You’ve definitely improved and integrated the styles you have been studying. I have noticed that you are not touching upon the Dragon’s Breath, your chi projection method.”
“That is true, Master,” said Wu Ying. “Because I have been trying to conserve my chi, I have not been practicing that form.”
“That is your decision, but I would recommend you reconsider it.”
Wu Ying waited for Elder Cheng to add to his statement, but he waited in vain. “Is there a particular reason I should be practising the Dragon’s Breath?”
Elder Cheng looked concerned, stroking his chin. Eventually, he seemed to make up his mind and spoke. “The state of Wei has shown its aggressiveness over the winter. We have confirmed that they are purchasing large amounts of feed and other materials they will need for an extended campaign. As you know, the Six Jade Gates Sect have added to their Core Formation elders. It is because of this that we believe the state of Wei has chosen to escalate the war.
“While we do not expect, nor desire, our Sect members to take part in the war, it is not necessarily up to us.”
“I see.”
“Now, as for what you’ve been practicing, I have a few suggestions…”
***
Later that evening, after an exhausting afternoon of training with Elder Cheng, Wu Ying found himself at the inner sect dining hall with Tou He and Li Yao. With the year coming to a close, the Sect had opened up the stores and become more generous in the kinds of food that was served. It helped that the martial specialists had located a herd of white-tipped spirit deer, many of whom now graced the Sect’s cooking pots. This uncommon bounty saw an increase in the hall’s attendance, making the normally barren building busy with traffic. The sounds of people eating filled the room, the clatter of utensils, the tap of wooden chopsticks on porcelain bowls, and the slurp of wet noodles a homey reminder.
“How did it go?” said Li Yao.
Wu Ying looked at his girlfriend, marveling once more that someone as beautiful and refined as her would deign to even pay attention to him, never mind being his girlfriend. Li Yao was smaller than him, standing barely five foot four, but she had the pale, smooth skin of a noble—and graceful demeanor of one too. But unlike most noble women, Li Yao was muscular and athletic due to her training as a martial specialist.
“It could be worse,” said Wu Ying. “He did tell me that he is expecting this year’s war to be worse than normal.”
“I heard that too,” said Tou He. “When I was out of the Sect, I noticed some movement among the peasants bordering the state of Wei. Many of them were sending their children and elderly to family farther from the borders.”
“We do have it worse when a war breaks out.” Wu Ying stabbed desultorily at his bowl of noodles, remembering when past wars had shaken his village. The worse the fighting got, the more the lords would take in terms of food, people, and money.
With a small smile, Li Yao watched the pair talk. “At least we won’t be required to fight.”
“Isn’t that kind of what martial specialists do?” said Wu Ying.
“No, not really. We’re the Sect’s fist, but only when in contention against another Sect. We owe some loyalty to the kingdom, but we are cultivators. The Sect has already seen the passing of one kingdom and it still stands. We must have a longer view,” said Li Yao.
“I’m surprised to hear you say that,” said Tou He.
“Why? Because I’m a noble’s daughter?”
“Yes.”
Li Yao shook her head. “We are not all the same, you know. Some of us seek to be real cultivators. I know, I know, there are many here just to increase their strength. They are but an extension of their family. But you should know me better than that.”
One thing struck Wu Ying about what she had said and he leaned forward, fixing Li Yao with his gaze. “You said the Sect had survived one kingdom?”
Li Yao nodded.
“Did the Sect abandon the previous kingdom?”
“In a way. This was three hundred years ago or so?” said Li Yao. “But if I recall my history right, the old kingdom insulted the Sect and the Sect Master chose to use the insult as an excuse to withdraw the Sect’s support. Forced to fight cultivators and the invading army alone, the kingdom fell.”
“Huh. That wasn’t what I learned in school,” said Wu Ying.
“I doubt the official curriculum would be as blunt,” said Li Yao with a slight smirk.
“Well, let’s just hope that they’re all wrong.” Tou He looked around the crowded dining hall then lowered his voice further. “We’re not really trained to fight with an army. In fact, maybe it’s something we should look into with the martial specialists.”
“I’m not really interested,” said Li Yao.
“Shirking knowledge for the sake of preference is not wise,” cautioned Tou He.
Li Yao shrugged, a mulish look crossing her face. When Tou He looked to speak again, Wu Ying shook his head. He had learned to read Li Yao well. When she got into such a state, even logic would not dissuade her. In time, she would likely come around, but you had to let her come to that realization on her own.
“I do like that spring is coming,” said Wu Ying, changing the topic. “I’ve seen some new assignments in the hall. Soon enough, I’ll be out gathering again.”
Li Yao brightened. “Definitely. I can’t wait to see you fight for real. After all that practice with your sword by yourself, doing it together will be amazing.”
Wu Ying kept a straight face, but Tou He could not help but choke off a laugh.
Grinning devilishly, Tou He leaned forward and said to Li Yao, “Tell me more about Wu Ying’s sword. Have you taken a good look at it?”
Li Yao frowned at Tou He. “What you mean? You’ve played with his sword too.”
This time around, Wu Ying could not help but laugh at Tou He’s red face. Once they diverted Li Yao from asking about the blushing, the group turned their discussion back to the new assignments in the hall. And, of course, what they intended to buy with the contribution points they would earn.
Chapter 2
“You want to learn how to fight with an army?” said Chao Kun. The older martial specialist was in the late Energy stage of cultivation, rumored to be only a step away from reaching Core cultivation. Standing just under six feet, Chao Kun was handsome but not devastatingly so. His point of pride was his hair that reached his waist.
Tou He and Wu Ying were standing before the late stage Energy Storage martial specialist in the middle of the martial specialist training hall. Of course, the training hall wasn’t a single building but a series of three buildings, a training yard with a dozen sparring arenas and the requisite exercise and training equipment. While technically not for the martial specialists’ exclusive use, few who were not dedicated to martial arts dared to visit the martial hall. After all, the martial specialists just were not very good at not being competitive.
“Are you thinking about joining the war?” said Chao Kun.
“No,” said Tou He.
“Maybe,” said Wu Ying simultaneously. Tou He looked at Wu Ying with surprise, only to have his friend shrug. “I was supposed to fight in the war, you know? A part of me thinks that maybe I should go back and help.”
“Well, you don’t really need to worry about that. They only choose from martial specialists when they’re looking for volunteers. You’re not one, Gatherer,” said Chao Kun. “Also, you are not even at Energy Storage. It would be foolish to allow an inner sect member who isn’t a martial specialist to join the war. There are so many better options.”
Wu Ying thought that Chao Kun was exaggerating a little but chose not to contradict his senior. There was nothing to be gained by making his senior lose face. In any case, he had a feeling his senior’s comments were more to alleviate his guilt than about practical considerations. “It’d still be worth it for us to learn.”
“Very well.”
Chao Kun looked around the yard and spotted a few other martial specialists. He waved them over, gathering the group around him.
“Much of how a cultivator is used in a war will depend on the cultivator’s abilities. A Core Formation elder is a very different individual from someone who has not reached the Energy Storage stage.” Chao Kun looked directly at Wu Ying when he said that. “That being said, since we are mostly in the Energy Storage stage here, I will focus on our use there.
“Firstly, for those who have significant experience with qinggong techniques, they are often used as scouts and for flanking attackers. The ability to move quickly and silently across all kinds of terrain to attack resupply convoys, direct other scouting parties to hit un-fortified defenses, and in some cases, even take out their opposing army’s officers are highly valued.”
“But doesn’t Elder Ko recommend we stay away from qinggong exercises?” Wu Ying asked with a frown.
“Only until you reach Energy Storage,” one of the other cultivators said. “Also, Elder Ko is a bit of a traditionalist.”
The group laughed, only to quiet from a glare by Chao Kun.
“Whatever he might be, Elder Ko is our Elder and should be respected. He only desires the best for each of us. And I’m sure his advice has helped everyone here at some point.”
The group mutely nodded at Chao Kun’s words.
“Good. Now, continuing. We have cultivator scouts who work alone for the most part, though they might work in pairs if they’re working behind enemy lines. But not all cultivators have the skills or temperament to make good scouts. As such, most cultivators are grouped in small teams. Those teams can work independently of the main body, or in other cases, fight alongside the army itself. When working interdependently, very little additional training is required.”
“Because we do that already?” Tou He asked.
“Yes. Exactly.” Chao Kun gestured at the group, then made his gesture wider to encompass the mountain and Sect. “We already work in small groups all the time. And while the army raiding parties might be better equipped, most are not much better trained than your average bandit group.”
“Some of them become bandits anyway,” another martial specialist complained.
The group nodded. It was no secret that some soldiers, ill content to become farmers or to return to a life of drudgery, turned to banditry. And while the local lords were tasked with dealing with the groups, when the bandits were too well trained or numerous, the Sect was offered the chance to finish the job.
Chao Kun gestured for the group to focus. “Now, for the teams fighting with the army—which can make up most of the cultivators sent, depending on the needs and the ways the general uses us—the training is different. Standing in a line with soldiers in a pike wall would make poor use of our skills.”
Wu Ying imagined his sword in a pike wall, the way he moved, and shuddered. All around, the other martial specialists did the same.
“So instead, most generals have us acting either as reinforcements, shock troops, or flanking strikers.”
“Isn’t that the same as fighting alone?” the noisy martial specialist said.
“No. Because not only will you have to learn to understand the flags and drums of the army, you might be tasked to act independently. Which means reading the flow of the battle. More”—Chao Kun held up a finger—“if you are reinforcing a line, you will have to not only rush to the broken line and beat the enemies, but also contain your style so that when the regular reinforcements arrive, you may leave.”
Once again, the group tried to imagine that. There were more than a few grimaces as their imaginary scenarios played out. Big, swinging attacks, especially for those who wielded polearms, would be contraindicated. It might patch the hole fast, but then none of their reinforcements could take over. Same with big movements with the intention to reposition.
“For those acting as the vanguard or as shock troops to break a line, you’ll need to learn how to do that. That means training against massed volleys of arrows and how to break a shield or pike wall,” Chao Kun said. “Flanking is a little easier, though individual tactics there are somewhat different. Your goal will not be individual fatalities but disrupting the formation. In some cases, powerful and shocking attacks will be more important. The best flanking teams can break right through a formation, hopelessly disrupting an entire side. Again, you’ll have to learn what works best for you, depending on your styles.”
“We should learn that,” Tou He said, elbowing Wu Ying.
“Yes, yes,” Wu Ying muttered. It would certainly add to that experience Elder Cheng had spoken of.
“For the elite cultivators—those who have shown their ability—the generals often have another task for us. The most dangerous task.” Chao Kun swept his gaze over the group, making sure he had their attention. “Cultivator hunting.”
“Hunting?” another of the martial specialists muttered.
“If we are sending groups of cultivators to disrupt and bolster our men, don’t you think the enemy will want to stop that?” Chao Kun said rhetorically. “Of course they will. And we will too, on our side. So we hunt their teams of cultivators, and they ours. Generals craft special teams and send them to fight or delay other hunting or disruptive teams.”
Wu Ying nodded. That made sense. But… “What do Core cultivators do then?”
Chao Kun looked at Wu Ying before he shrugged. “It depends on the number of Core cultivators the enemy has.”
Wu Ying raised an eyebrow in further query.
“If we have more, we send those who are in surplus to fight and disrupt,” Chao Kun said. “In those cases, either their Core cultivators come out to fight and are beaten—or at least injured. Or they retreat until the numbers match. And we do the same.”
Wu Ying nodded, recollecting the fights he had witnessed that involved Core cultivators. Alone, they could easily devastate an entire division. Even an Energy Storage cultivator could injure multiple soldiers with a single strike. But a Core cultivator not only had more chi, but also could expand the size and range of their attack. A single strike could consume an entire platoon. And while Core cultivators were still mortal, they were much harder to injure since their flesh and bone were strengthened by the chi within. A Core cultivator that studied Body Strengthening exercises would be a nightmare for an army.
Already, Wu Ying could see how a war could be—would be—fought between the armies. Keeping the number and presence of Core cultivators hidden in each army would be of vast importance. Intelligence—drawn from cultivators and spies—would play an important part in clashes.
“Any further questions?” Chao Kun said. “If it’s nothing important, we’ll begin. Some of you will need to play the soldiers. Others will take the part of the cultivators.” When some grumbled, Chao Kun glared at all the martial specialists who had opened their mouths. “You’ll all get the chance to play the hero.”
Seeing that his last pronouncement had the group silenced, Chao Kun grinned and clapped his hands together. “Good. Then let’s begin. Gao Fei. Lu Feng. Wu Ying. You can be the cultivators. Everyone else, grab a polearm.”
***
Two hours later, Wu Ying was bouncing on the balls of his feet at the back of the line of “soldiers” as he waited for the signal. At first, there had been just over a dozen of them learning aspects of the fight. There had been a lot to learn, from the various flag signals and meaning of barked commands, to the most effective forms. The first hour had been a terrible mess, and within ten minutes, Chao Kun had made everyone slow down to reduce injuries.
Perhaps the clumsiness of their actions was what had attracted the first of the crowds. It was unusual to see the vaunted martial specialists failing at anything combat-related. At first, only a few inner sect members had come to watch. Then as word spread, more and more Sect members arrived. The group had grown nervous and self-conscious, making even more mistakes—which Chao Kun pounced upon and berated the group for in ever more creative language. Just before the entire group dispersed in disgust, Elder Hsu appeared.
The eccentric Elder, best known for studying a Northern snail-style grappling art, had been attracted by word of the training. Seeing the pitiful number of members on both sides, he had taken over from Chao Kun and proceeded to order the gawking crowd to join as new “soldiers.” Freed from playing the soldiers, the martial specialists were split, with Chao Kun and Elder Hsu receiving equal numbers. Then the training had begun in earnest.
Wu Ying found himself grinning in a predatory fashion, his entire body poised forward as he waited. Waited for the flags to change. For the soldiers in front of him to part. Or for the drums—drums which had magically appeared in the last fifteen minutes—to signal another change. Behind, Chao Kun stood on a raised platform, focused on the lines.
A pink flag in the side of Wu Ying’s vision moved. He turned, watching the flag holder’s hands. Up-right, down-down, down and left. Wu Ying took off, closely followed by Tou He. The pair loped left and wide, passing behind their own soldiers at a distance even as Wu Ying counted the raised taps of the pink flag. One. Two. Three. Three cultivators looking to flank their party.
“Right two,” Wu Ying called to Tou He.
“Heard.”
And then they were around their own people and coming within sight of the enemy team. Wu Ying drew and exhaled, sending a flash of power—more a push of wind than a serious attack—at his targeted opponents. This was the Dragon’s Breath attack Elder Cheng had told him to practice, though much reduced in strength. Tou He kept running, passing behind Wu Ying and going wide. His staff was ill-suited for fighting close to the soldiers, thus leaving Wu Ying to stay tight to the army and defend them.
The blast of chi-soaked air struck at the enemy. The closer of the two was more wary, bringing his dao[2] in a cut to destroy his portion of the attack in defense. His partner, less cautious, was caught out and stumbled back. Growling in frustration, the second martial specialist stopped running and moved warily off the field of battle, crossing behind the third member of the team, who was busy trading blows with Tou He. The pair paid little attention to the “dead” cultivator as they fought, wide sweeping attacks of staff against shield and mace.
Wu Ying had no time to focus on their battle, caught up in his own fight with the dao wielder. For once, Wu Ying had to admit, his favored weapon might be less than perfect. In a battle as fierce as this, with his movements restricted, the dao—whose only requirement was to cut—beat out the finesse of the jian. Frustrated and unable to move away, lest he open the soldiers to an attack, Wu Ying went on the defensive, blocking and throwing light cuts in return. Each blocked blow sent shocks down his arm.
A flicker of motion in the corner of his eyes. Wu Ying flicked his sword to intercept it but was too late. The sand-filled bag attached to the arrowhead smacked into Wu Ying’s chest, leaving him with a bruise. Surprise filled Wu Ying for long enough that his opponent had to pull back a strike or risk injuring Wu Ying further.
“Arrows?” Wu Ying said, looking around. On the top of Elder Hsu’s viewing platform, a semi-familiar cultivator stood, arrow nocked to bow and firing on the opposite end of the field now. “Bao Cong? That’s not fair!”
“Off the field!” Wu Ying’s former opponent snapped at him.
Realizing his mistake, Wu Ying scrambled off, idly noting the trio of arrows that littered the area around Tou He. It seemed that the ex-monk’s defensive style—the Mountain Resides—could protect even against projectiles.
“I want archers on our side too,” Wu Ying muttered as he reached the end of the field and rubbed his chest.
***
To Wu Ying’s surprise, the mock battles became a mainstay of the training regime. Outer sect members were drawn into the mock wars, forced by their trainers to partake, while the martial specialists took the role of the opposing cultivators. As the training grew formalized, additional arms and armor appeared, partly to reduce injury for the outer sect members and also to allow the martial specialists to cut loose. Using a chi-filled air strike to blow apart a pike line at full and at half-strength were very different things.
In time, additional defensive options were added, with one-use talismans and special defensive equipment given out. Of course, it wasn’t just the martial specialists who acted as the opposing cultivators, though they were the majority. After all, the hot-blooded youth of the Sect all enjoyed a little rumble once in a while.
What amused Wu Ying was the addition of the Elders, many of whom argued and fought for the right to be the commanders of the opposing teams. It took the intervention of the Inner Sect Hall Master himself to sort out that growing issue. Now there was a sign-up sheet and rotation for the Elders.
Even more amusing to Wu Ying was the small, but persistent, betting ring that had formed around each battle. A couple of times, Wu Ying had tried his hand at gambling, but after losing a couple of Meridian Opening Pills, he had given up on that sin. Wasting resources, even if these resources were less useful to him now, was anathema to the peasant.
Scenario after scenario played out over the next month, with Elder Hsu seeming to take great delight in coming up with new potential battles. Sometimes the cultivators were sent in as the vanguard and had to deal with unbroken pike lines and flights of missiles. Other times, they were driven to the flanks, sent as reinforcements for fractured platoons, a stiffening agent for broken morale. Or they might fight between the opposing groups, dueling one another in support or in opposition of a winning side.
In short order, Wu Ying gained both an appreciation of the aid a cultivator could bring to an army and a realization of how limited their effects could be. Since most of society had received some cultivation training, most soldiers were in the early stages of Body Cleansing. As such, while Wu Ying was stronger and faster, he was not, in reality, a major factor in any fight.
However, those at the Energy Storage stage were able to project their chi in attacks that could shatter lines or reach behind guarding shields and kill archers or officers. Some cultivators with powerful qinggong skills were able to pass through packed lines to attack officers and other cultivators. The more powerful the cultivator, the more damage they could deal, their chi stores ample to deal out multiple strikes.
But for all that, cultivators were still human. Blades could wound, arrows could pierce, shields could bruise. Exhaustion, the press of bodies, the sheer mass of numbers of “normal” soldiers could wear down even the most powerful inner sect member. That was driven home in the sixth battle, when the cultivators were massed against a larger number of outer sect members. Forced to fight a delaying action, they did well. At first. But eventually, the cultivators fell. An errant blow. A missed parry. And one would fall. And then another. Wu Ying prided himself that at least he was not the first nor second to fall. He had managed to last for a while, using his skills and careful management of his chi and positioning to survive. Even if he did not manage to score as many kills, he had survived.
A failure, a lesson. It was all experience, as Elder Cheng had told him. And now, Wu Ying sat in his courtyard, meditating on the battles. Taking them in not only to analyze his martial forms to do better, but to study them for his own cultivation. His dao. What had he learned?
An image. Senior Ge, powerful and heroic, standing in the line. Beating aside poleaxe cuts, tearing weapons out of hands and striking raised shields. Each blow so powerful that he crumpled the wooden defenses and blew away his attackers. Striding forward into the middle of the battle line to be swallowed by the masses. Gone.
Tou He and himself, standing side by side as a rain of arrows dropped. Wu Ying pulling upon the Brilliant Woo Petal Bracer to charge his Dragon’s Breath attack, slicing apart arrows that fell upon their team. Tou He striking the ground with his staff and forming a chi-empowered barrier. The flight of arrows was either cut apart or blocked, falling to shatter around them. Skipping past the defending pair, the rest of the team hit the side of the line.
Another memory. Of himself fighting a pair of Energy Storage cultivators as he tried to block them from approaching their rearguard. He was losing. Of course he was losing. The Long family style was not a defensive style. Nor could he win against two others—even if he was more skilled. But he didn’t have to win. He just had to delay them, because in delaying them, the rest of his team could do their job.
Memories, learning, understanding. Each breath, he assimilated them. And then another memory rose, unbidden.
Crouched in a rice paddy with his family and the rest of the village. Working together to plant stalks of rice in the water, moving from rice field to rice field. Some tried to do it alone. But the work required to plant the rice stalks was backbreaking and tiring. You could work together or alone, but together was faster. More efficient. And more fun.
The same lesson.
It was all the same lesson. Perhaps Wu Ying was dumb. Perhaps he was slow. Or perhaps some lessons had multiple facets to them. Each bowl of knowledge consisted of multiple grains that had to be chewed upon and digested individually—even if it was the same bowl.
Chi swirled, gathered and formed, beckoned by the breakthrough. The world approved, once again, as a part of the Dao—the greater way—was understood. Wu Ying absorbed it, took in the chi even as it petered out. It was only a small lesson after all, and one he had once known. But still.
New experience. New enlightenment. Another step on his path.
Chapter 3
Letters from home were always a treat. Having to cross hundreds of li[3] to reach the Sect, letters had to be carried by local merchants or private postal couriers. Such individuals worked circular routes around the kingdom, only deigning to visit places like Wu Ying’s village when sufficient time had passed. As such, the village had to rely on the trips by locals to the main city or the occasional merchants who were, for obvious reasons, less regular during the winter.
Seated in his study in mid-afternoon, Wu Ying caressed the side of the letter. It had arrived last night, but rather than waste candlelight to read the correspondence, Wu Ying had used it as a spur for today’s training. Now, having finished early, Wu Ying broke the seal on the wrapped scroll and peered within.
In short order, Wu Ying had sorted the two letters into three components. First, set aside for later consideration, was more discussion about the Long family style. That would require time to puzzle out, since his father had taken to writing more and more cryptic statements as Wu Ying progressed. Second, was the actual letter from his father. The entirety of the contents fit on a single piece of paper. And lastly, the letter from his mother, which would contain the meat of the correspondence. That was the letter he read first.
Wu Ying greedily devoured the news from home, reading through her letter in one quick burst before returning to its start on the right[4]. Wu Ying read more slowly now, savoring the details.
…Chief Tan returned today from the city, having delivered our fall taxes and having sold the rest of our stores. We have more than enough for the winter, thanks to your generous donations. Chief Tan has made a deal to purchase a half dozen piglets in spring, when we have finished building the village pen. Three of those piglets will be ours, the Zhangs will own one, and the village will share the last two. I know you are concerned about us, but we must plan for all our futures.
He also brought back news that the others who left with the army will not be returning this winter. They are training very hard and expect to see fighting next year. He did bring back rumors that another conscription will occur, though I fear they will be disappointed by what they find if they choose to do so. There are few enough. But just the threat has the Pengs talking of bribing Chief Tan—their only son just turned fourteen.
Wu Ying’s lips thinned. Fourteen. It seemed the kingdom was growing desperate if they were lowering the conscription age that far. He sighed, shaking his head. This was why war never saw a winner. Even if you won, your kingdom suffered for the next generation. If they took away all the farmers, who would grow the rice?
The money you sent for us to store for our travels arrived safely. Thank you for the herbs too—they have helped a lot with your father’s leg. While Chief Tan continues to be resistant to the idea of leaving, many of the other villagers have agreed to consider it. We’ve begun preparations for the journey, though leaving so much of what we have built is hard for all of us. We pray that the army will hold and make all our preparations for naught.
Wu Ying breathed a sigh of relief. This was good. Ever since he had learned of the upcoming war, he had wanted his parents to come to the Sect’s city. What had started as a goal to safeguard his parents had morphed into one to save the village, as his parents had refused to leave their long-time friends to suffer alone. Even convincing his parents to consider leaving had been a test of Wu Ying’s scholarly skills. Even if most times, the peasants were left alone—unkilled, unenslaved—accidents happened. And in war, those accidents left behind broken bodies and empty homes.
It relieves my heart that you are part of the Sect. And working in as prestigious an occupation as a Spirit Herb Gatherer. I think—and your father agrees—that this suits you. You were always wandering around the fields when you were young, always curious about the world. And while it might be dangerous, I know that your father’s lessons will keep you safe.
Wu Ying smiled, reading on as she turned to gossip. He shook his head at the litany of births, of the few deaths—much fewer with the fixed housing and surplus of food—that winter brought. He read about the travails of soil and drainage before his eyes fell onto the only portion that made him grimace.
…marriage was great. If the heavens are willing, they will sire a child soon.
While discussing marriages, I know you are enamored by this Li Yao. She sounds like a very nice young lady. But she is the daughter of a noble. When the time comes, duties and obligations will pull on her even more strongly. In that, she is even less free than you. We have no expectations of you, in terms of lineage. Your father has settled himself with your goal of immortality. In that way, the family name might continue for all eternity perhaps.
Remember. It is good to explore your feelings, but do not give too greatly. Some people are not meant to be together.
Wu Ying glared at the paper, almost wishing his mother was here for him to shout at. To explain. Of course, he would never do that. Still, it was a passing desire, an indolent, unfilial wish. Because what did his mother know of Li Yao? Of cultivator society? Why did she feel the need to meddle from so far away?
Exhaling, Wu Ying calmed himself and his mind. She was his parent, and all parents meddled. At least all she offered were words of advice, rather than commandants like Li Yao’s parents.
Setting aside the letter to be filed with the rest of their letters, Wu Ying turned to his father’s next. This one required only a single read-through.
Wu Ying,
I know what your mother has written to you. I will not say that she is wrong, nor will I recommend that you join the war. I will note that there is opportunity in conflict. You are my son, and I wish you the best. I know that whatever you choose to do, you will do it with forethought and caution.
On that note, I do wish that you take notice of the amount of funds you have been sending us. It is not seemly for our son to send so much to his parents, especially to a small village like ours. Save some of those funds for your own cultivation. Your mother and I have more than enough.
I have included additional notes from what you have spoken of when practicing the form. It sounds like the martial arts that you have learned can complement our own style. Continue to keep an open mind and make sure that you practice our form. While the Long family style has stagnated in the past couple of generations, it was once well renowned. There is more depth in the style than you will see at first glance. As you learn more, you will see that martial arts is a clouded and deep lake. I am only sorry to say that I do not have much additional advice I can offer. You will soon surpass me.
Your father
Wu Ying sighed after finishing the letter. His father was not a man of many words and certainly not one to express bountiful emotions. Still, Wu Ying preferred his short letter to his mother’s. The heartfelt warmth and trust in Wu Ying’s decision-making was heartening. His father hadn’t even mentioned Li Yao.
Wu Ying tapped his lips, staring at the letters before he set them aside to be filed. He picked up his own stationary, dipped his brush in a nearby inkwell, and wrote.
Papa, Mama,
I have received your letters dated the nineteenth day of the tenth moon[5] of the year. Thank you for your thoughts and all your consideration. Papa, I have not had a chance to read your thoughts on our style, but I’m sure they will be enlightening as always. Not a lot of interest has happened in the last few months, as we have mostly spent our time studying.
I am glad to hear you are doing well with the funds I have sent. Please, let me know what you might need when you arrive. I have spoken with Elder Huang who runs the kitchens and he is willing to assign you multiple plots of land to the north of the Sect. The land will need to be cleared and drainage built, but I have assured him that this is something the village is well equipped to do. There is a nearby stream that feeds into the main river here, so it is decent farming land.
Wu Ying grimaced as he finished that part of the letter. That had taken quite a bit of convincing—and quite a few journeys up and down the mountain—to arrange. Still, with the agreement of Elder Huang and the magistrate in the city below, the village’s arrival—if necessary—would be smooth. Even after all his work, Wu Ying knew that the villagers would refuse to leave unless things went bad. There had been too much sweat and bloodshed put into the development of their village to leave it so easily.
I continue to take lessons with Elder Li as well as reading further about the various herbs suitable for someone at my cultivation level. There is a lot to learn, and even if I have some experience at this, I still make mistakes regularly. Senior Goh continues to praise how much I’ve accomplished, but I think he is more interested in the fact that I have decent martial skills and thus will allow him to work the gardens more. Still, the things he has taught me while encouraging my development are highly useful, so I am grateful for his attention.
In the winter months, I have other regular classes put on by the Sect. Much of this knowledge ranges from the classics to formations and spiritual equipment. I cannot say that I am the most brilliant student. As you know, there are many better suited to the scholarly lifestyle. Still, I do not think I shame our family. Certainly, compared to Tou He, I find many of the lessons easier. Tou He’s previous life as a monk has created interesting gaps in his education.
Good news about Tou He too. He’s managed to clear his fourth Energy Storage meridian. His Master is very happy with his progress, though I understand they intend to slow his breakthroughs now. At least for the next few months to consolidate his development.
Wu Ying looked at the letter and what he’d written. Tou He was, in many ways, the quintessential prodigy. A martial prodigy who had spent years of his life studying multiple styles. An incredibly quick cultivator. Except there was that unspoken issue with Tou He’s chi cultivation. The ex-monk still had not revealed the details of it, but Wu Ying knew that Tou He’s master was hard at work searching for a solution. If they could not find one, Tou He’s rapid ascent could find itself bottlenecked at the Core Formation stage.
Admittedly, for many cultivators, that would be a problem they wished to have. But like Wu Ying, Tou He sought the furthest reaches of cultivation. To be bottlenecked before truly stepping on the road to immortality would truly be a shame.
Lip curling up, Wu Ying shook his head and returned to his writing.
I continue to practice the other martial styles that were taught to me. I believe I’ve managed to achieve a small breakthrough in combining the three styles. Fairy Yang has been particularly gracious about spending her time teaching me. Of course, she is very busy as the newest elder in the Sect, but she seems to make a little time every week to continue my training. It seems that unlike my Master, she is willing to be more hands-on. Elder Cheng continues to feel that too great a hand in my training will divert my fate.
Of the two cultivation exercises I have learned, I’ve achieved a greater understanding of the Aura Strengthening. I am unable to progress the technique further though, as I’ve sealed and compressed my aura as much as possible within my current cultivation level. Further progress will have to wait until I reach the next level.
There was no knock on the door as Ah Yee arrived, carrying a small, covered, clay drinking bowl on a serving tray. The older woman, his designated servant, set the bowl beside Wu Ying before lifting the lid with a flourish. Wu Ying choked at the smell from a mixture of months-old herbs, dirt, and other foul-smelling ingredients.
“Your daily supplement, Master Long,” Ah Yee said. “Remember, don’t leave it too long. It will lose potency if it grows cold.”
“And taste worse,” said Wu Ying.
Not that the sludge-coated oil taste could be much worse. The supplement was a requirement for Wu Ying’s second level of his other cultivation exercise—the Reinforced Iron Bones technique. At this stage, it was insufficient to wait for damage and repair his body when it occurred. He had to induce the damage and the cleansing—which was where the sludge came in.
“Waiting won’t make it better,” Ah Yee said, tapping one foot.
“Fine!”
Wu Ying picked up the bowl and, holding his breath, drained it in one gulp. It was, as he remembered, terrible. A mixture of rotten food and herbs, with a weird texture and an oil-coated sludge taste. After he choked the drink down, he placed the clay bowl on the tray and reached for the cup of tea Ah Yee had poured in anticipation. Already, he felt the toxic sludge roil in his stomach, trying to come back out. In an hour or so, he would be in a dire situation with his guts. Until then, he could only hold on and distract himself.
“Good. We’re nearly out of the autumn willow roots,” Ah Yee said. “Seven-year roots are hard to find.”
“I’ll ask Master Li.” If there was one good thing about the concoction, it was that Wu Ying had been able to find more effective and cheaper substitutes for the herbs within. Of course, part of the reason no one used the substitutes he did was because of the taste.
Ah Yee bowed and, after replacing the lid, took away the offending bowl, leaving Wu Ying to his silent torment. He stared at his paper, considering what else to write. More news about his cultivation exercises. Not about their recent martial training. His father would understand and approve—he always said the more one trained, the less one bled. His mother would be upset though, and while they might afford each other privacy, any letter he wrote would be read by both.
More news about Li Yao?
Wu Ying shook his head. No. His mother disapproved, and his father did not care. And, truth be told, his relationship with her was tenuous enough. All they had done was take long strolls and meals, the occasional assignment, and spar together. A lot of sparring. Discussions—deeper discussions—had been avoided.
Wu Ying sighed and gave up. There was not much more to write. He’d finish it later. Right now, he needed to meditate and channel his chi. It would not help a lot with the cultivation exercise, but any improvement was better than sitting here stewing.
Chapter 4
“You are back.” The speaker was an elderly gentleman with an extremely deep voice, clad in the gray-and-green robes of a Sect Elder. Elder Ko, unlike most of the other Elders, wore the elaborate headdress that marked his elevated position in the Sect as Librarian and Scholar for the Inner and Outer Sect Libraries. He absently stroked his beard as he stared at Wu Ying, who had been wandering the stacks, pulling out occasional scrolls and manuscripts to browse through their contents before returning them.
“Yes, Elder,” said Wu Ying. “I am still looking for a new cultivation exercise that would supplement my training.”
“You’re still blocked at Body Cleansing, correct?” When Wu Ying nodded, Elder Ko continued. “And you’re looking to advance to Energy Storage soon, yes?”
Even though Wu Ying thought that this was very much a rhetorical question, he nodded yes. Elder Ko chuckled and gestured for Wu Ying to follow.
They walked half a dozen steps before Elder Ko looked back at Wu Ying. “You will pay the appropriate fee afterward.”
He did not even spend time waiting for Wu Ying to acknowledge his words. Not as if Wu Ying intended to cross the Elder. Few individuals within the Sect would be more detrimental to cross than the Elder in charge of the Library. Maybe his own Master and the Sect Leader. Maybe.
“There are three types of cultivation exercises I believe could be of use to you. Firstly, we can increase the speed of flow of your chi. This will allow you to initiate energy projections and certain types of skills at a greater speed in the future. Of course, right now, none of this is particularly useful since you are at the Body Cleansing stage. Even your equipment will not benefit much from your work. However, this increased flow could be useful for you in breaking through to the Energy Storage stage.”
When Elder Ko had finished speaking, he turned around and handed Wu Ying a small manual. The manual was more of a notebook than a full document, but by this point, Wu Ying had gotten used to the idea that many of the cultivation exercises recorded in the library were jotted down thoughts, well-constructed workarounds, or small techniques that his predecessors had created. Only a few were extended documents.
“Now for the second option, we can expand your dantian.”
Wu Ying could not help but interrupt Elder Ko at this point. “I thought the Sect did not have any of these manuals?”
“We do not have many.” Elder Ko glared at Wu Ying disapprovingly. “Especially compared to some other sects. But it does not mean we do not have any. We would not be the largest, most prestigious sect in the kingdom if we had none.”
The scorn in Elder Ko’s voice made the student quail and bow low while offering a profuse apology.
Seeing that Wu Ying had learned his lesson, Elder Ko moved on with his explanation. “In truth, there are many varieties of cultivation exercises that focus on the development of the dantian’s size. As one of the most important areas in the first two stages of cultivation, it is an area of intense interest. As with most types of cultivation exercises, the various exercises are variations on a theme. Like cultivation styles, certain types of exercises work better for others. The majority will suit most of our Sect members who might need to expand their dantian a little. After all, you do not need to achieve full compatibility with the cultivation exercise when you are only going to be using it for a short term and for marginal improvements. It’s only when a dantian is compromised or otherwise an issue that more variety or specific exercises are required.
“In this case, what we are looking at”—Elder Ko passed Wu Ying a bound scroll—“is a simple exercise that suits you.” Wu Ying felt a chill as Elder Ko stared at him, a small smile on his face, almost hidden by his beard. “As you are studying the Reinforced Iron Bones technique, this will complement that exercise. Especially during your second stage. You only need to adjust your current concoction a little. The pain should not be significantly worse.”
While Wu Ying was considering what Elder Ko meant, the head librarian had already moved on to the next row. When he came out this time, he was holding a much, much larger book. Instead of handing the book to Wu Ying, Elder Ko flipped through the pages until he’d located the section he desired.
Elder Ko pulled out a small strip of silk and slid it between those pages before he shut the book. “If you decide to go with this technique, you will need to copy out the instructions yourself.”
“Yes, Elder.”
“So, this exercise…”
“Elder?” Wu Ying held out his hand, ready to take the book.
Still, the Elder refused to hand the book over, looking reluctant and unsure for the first time that Wu Ying had ever seen. “I am uncertain if this is a good choice.”
“May I ask why?” Wu Ying said. “It is dangerous?”
Not that that would necessarily stop Wu Ying, but he was not looking forward to practicing something that could cripple or kill him. There were, unfortunately, quite a few cultivation methods that walked that line much closer than they should. Cultivators were well known for taking risks for power.
“No. Well, no more than normal.” Elder Ko shook his head. “It is the work itself. It came from a cultivator who walked one of the heretical paths. The exercise itself is not, in itself, heretical, in my judgment. But it is close.”
“Oh.” Wu Ying fell silent.
Heretical paths were, by nature, uncommon. Unlike Demonic daos, heretical paths were not in and of themselves wrong. They were just strange. Deviant. Possibly dangerous to follow for many. That it suited a few special groups, a few heretical sects did not make them clean or widely accepted. For example, the famous heretical sect Seventh Plate, Third Serving, whose initiates all followed a single dao—the dao of gluttony.
“And the author’s dao?”
Elder Ko said, “A shamanic path.”
“Oh.” Shamanic paths were strange to Wu Ying. Some of the smaller clans were rumored to still have them, groups of individuals who held to old religions. Old beliefs. More in the north and west, not so much in the civilized east. But… “What does the cultivation exercise actually do?”
“Regeneration. Again, it suits you. You tend to push yourself to the maximum,” Elder Ko said. “And this will allow you to refill your dantian faster. But it requires you to consider the flow of the world in a way that is not normal to our current teachings of the five elements.”
Wu Ying’s eyes widened. Refilling his dantian, refilling the amount of chi he had was of utmost importance to him right now. He had to gain at least twice as much chi as he normally wielded if he wanted to again attempt a breakthrough. And that required the slow process of drawing in chi from the external world, purifying it, and storing it. It was not as if he was trying to restore himself to his normal levels—he was trying to achieve an overabundance. Which was always harder.
“Don’t be too excited. It will do nothing for your current needs,” Elder Ko said. “The process only works for your normal refinement. Everything above that, it will be of significantly less use. In fact, you’ll have to discard the additional chi you now hold to practice this method.”
That made Wu Ying frown. What he wanted was a way to speed up his cultivation, not another way to slow it down.
“Don’t look like that. Read them over first,” Elder Ko said. “There are notes about the efficiency within.” When Wu Ying made to thank him, Elder Ko waved. “Go.”
Wu Ying nodded and exited the stacks with the cultivation exercises. He quickly found an empty table and placed down the exercises, casting a glance around and spotting no others. In short order, Wu Ying delved into the works, reading them in detail. This level of scrutiny, the ability to read the actual documentation in depth was not something allowed with a cultivation manual or even a martial style.
Those kinds of details were often either locked away via a spiritual seal for rarer manuals. For the ones that Wu Ying had access to right now, the librarians just kept a close eye on the Sect members, ensuring they read no more than the first few stances and the principles. The details of cultivation manuals or martial styles were often so dense that a quick browse would be unlikely to garner the important, subtle details that made a martial style exemplary. A minute difference of an inch might not seem like much – until that inch was the distance to your heart.
In the end though, the advice of someone like Elder Ko was what would sway someone at Wu Ying’s level to purchase a martial style or cultivation manual. Though Wu Ying had heard of more than one unhappy inner sect member who had purchased multiple manuals due to a lack of suitability.
Cultivation exercises were simpler by significant degrees. As such, reading through the documents was not particularly difficult or time consuming. Within a few bells, Wu Ying had finished analyzing the works and sat back, tapping on his lips in thought.
Speeding up the flow of his chi could be useful at the Energy Storage stage and the Core Cultivation stage. However, Wu Ying had noted several comments by those who had studied this work indicating that the progress they saw was insignificant when one advanced their cultivation. That, Wu Ying knew, was a matter of proper suitability and tiers. It was the problem with the various tiers of cultivation, especially once one had advanced past the Core Cultivation stage. Body Cleansing and Energy Storage cultivators were still within the mortal realm of strength. A particularly skilled Body Cleansing cultivator could beat an Energy Storage cultivator under the right circumstances. Unless the heavens themselves were looking down upon an Energy Storage cultivator, they stood no chance against a Core cultivator. This level of disparity continued through all the stages onward. As such, while increasing the flow of his chi now would help in the next stage, it was possible that the improvement and time spent would matter little at the Core Cultivation stage.
Expanding his dantian faced much the same issues. During the Core Development stage, the dantian was assimilated within the core—the gathered energy hardening and becoming the core itself. The various stages of Core cultivation included the hardening and layering of that newly developed Core. All the chi a cultivator had created became part of the core that a cultivator would use from then on. Of course, a larger dantian meant a larger core. That, theoretically, meant a more powerful cultivator. The difference in sizes of a Core, for most individuals, would not be a huge factor though—other issues like density, speed, and quality of the dao and chi mattered just as much in the Core Cultivation stage.
Just as important was the dao path that a cultivator was on during this period. Of course, it was not of the same level of importance as during the Nascent Soul stage. After all, during the Nascent Soul stage, a cultivator was beginning to embody the dao that cultivator studied. Only if he embodied it fully could he ascend.
Still, for all that, Wu Ying could not help but think that this was the most presently useful exercise. It would increase his strength and his chance of breaking through to the next stage, and it could provide benefits in the future.
The last cultivation exercise puzzled Wu Ying. After staring at the book once again, Wu Ying pulled it open and reread its contents and the notations made by the Elders. Once he was done, Wu Ying sighed. Like before, he was still uncertain about the exercise. He could not understand why Elder Ko had offered it to him.
Sure, the cultivation exercise allowed him to recharge his empty dantian faster. However, it was most effective when his dantian was empty. Regeneration rates would reduce as he grew fuller. And as Elder Ko had mentioned, it would be much less effective when he tried to overfill his dantian for breaking through to the next stage.
Of course, the most interesting thing about the cultivation exercise was the way it was built. Increasing his regeneration rates came in three forms. Firstly, he would pick the type of chi that entered his body during the acceptance stage from the world. It required an adjustment of his aura, allowing him to individually tease out the strands of chi that most closely suited his body. In this case, since he practiced the Yellow Emperor’s cultivation method, it would be unaspected chi. The way the exercise required him to alter his view on the world, the way he sensed it, was the semi-heretical part. It didn’t mean looking at the five elements but at much, much more, as each element that Wu Ying sensed had a “spirit” of its own. As such, even what he would consider “unaspected” chi might have spirits that required filtering out.
Next, he had to convert the chi within his body from unknown, unaspected chi to one that suited his body. It was like stamping his own mark on the energy. In normal cultivation, he would be converting aspected and unaspected chi types before he made it suitable for his body. Here too, the cultivation exercise was different as it taught Wu Ying a new method to imprint his own mark, his will on the chi at a greater pace.
Finally, the third aspect of the cultivation exercise created a small vortex flow within Wu Ying’s dantian so that he drew in chi from the world faster. It was like a small whirlpool in Wu Ying’s dantian, a complex flow of energy that was dictated by his level of mastery of the exercise. Of course, it looked nothing like a whirlpool, instead made up of multiple whirls and whorls.
The simple cultivation exercise had multiple aspects to it, all of which would force Wu Ying to stretch himself. And he had to admit, most of those exercises would probably be useful even if he ascended to a higher cultivation stage. Whether it was to strengthen his aura or being taught to process the chi of the world at a faster rate, it could not be harmful. At least in Wu Ying’s mind.
Yet Wu Ying hesitated long and hard over his choices. Elder Ko’s advice was generally extremely incisive. However, the Elder was also known to test cultivators. In that sense, blind faith in another could be harmful.
Cultivation, at its heart, was a lonely exercise. Finding one’s dao was something that only an individual could do. A Master and Elder might provide a few signposts along the way, but it was a cultivator who had to walk the path. Knowing one’s heart and knowing what one truly desired, and being willing to take the risk, was the only way a cultivator could truly ascend to the heavens.
Knowing all that, Wu Ying sat quietly with the cultivation exercise before him and considered his next step.
***
A week later, Wu Ying was in the gardens behind Elder Li’s residence, hauling big baskets of compost into the greenhouse. As spring arrived, the entire gardening and gathering section of the Sect was thrown into high gear. That meant everyone, from inner sect members to outer sect servants, were forced to do the most menial of tasks. Unlike any of the other departments in the Sect, there were no complaints. Gardening or gathering, herbology at its base roots was about getting your hands dirty. Those who could not, would not, accept that simple truth were of no use to Elder Li and were discarded in short order.
That did not make hauling woven bamboo baskets full of compost back and forth a particularly agreeable task. Unfortunately, being both a martial specialist and specializing in external herbal gathering, Wu Ying was one of the more suited members to this task.
“Good job.” Senior Goh slapped Wu Ying on the shoulder. “Two more runs and you should be done.”
Wu Ying grunted, trotting into the warm greenhouse. The greenhouse was built with a large retaining wall along the backside, facing perpendicular to the movement of the sun. That allowed the heat from the sun to enter the greenhouse through the entire day, warming not just the main section within the greenhouse but the back retaining wall. Smaller sections within the back wall itself circulated heated air through the greenhouse, the fires being fed from the outside. Of course, living as far south as they did, the semi-transparent glass that made up the ceiling of the greenhouse and the embedded ritual wards were sufficient to keep the greenhouse warm during all but the coldest winters.
Within the building itself, soil was stacked three levels high on standing, movable shelves. Gardeners worked each shelf of plants, mixing soil and compost together with other, more specialized fertilizers to ensure the growth of the spirit herbs. Wu Ying had vivid memories of gathering some of that fertilizer—fire beetles, fruit bat dung, and the innards of golden koi were the least objectionable types. In addition, each gardener had a few bags of crushed demonic cores to disperse into the soil as they worked. More than once, Wu Ying felt the tremors of wood and earth aspected chi flow from a cultivator into the soil.
Every single cultivator worked with intense focus, driven even higher when Elder Li, with her wooden cane, strolled by, peering over their shoulders. At times, the old woman would provide words of encouragement or correction before moving on. Wu Ying quickly dumped his bag and trotted out, not wanting to engage the Elder at this time.
In short order, Wu Ying finished delivering the compost bins and trotted over to Senior Goh. He breathed deeply, clear of the burdensome containers, circulating his chi through his body as he tried to reenergize himself.
“You look tired,” Senior Goh said, frowning. “The bags weren’t that heavy.”
“It’s an exercise,” Wu Ying replied.
Ever since he had made the decision to go with the regeneration exercise—amusingly entitled the Never Empty Wine Pot—Wu Ying had been training with his dantian as empty as he could. That required him to continually speed up the flow of his chi, an exercise that would also toughen up and train his meridians. If only marginally. More to the point, by setting up the first of the eight levels of chi vortexes within his dantian, he was working on improving his regeneration rate. At the same time—because, in theory, setting up the vortex was a one-off act which just needed to be continued—Wu Ying was adjusting his aura. Since he was “stuck” in the Aura Strengthening phase of his aura development, this would allow him to continue his progression in his studies there as well.
“Carrying bags of compost? At your cultivation level?” Senior Goh snorted.
“Cultivation exercise,” Wu Ying said.
One of the disadvantages of having a mostly empty dantian was the exhaustion it engendered. Wu Ying felt as though he was constantly only a quarter-full, having only finished a single steamed bun every meal. Except this state persisted throughout the day until he woke, when his constant expenditure of chi stopped and his natural regeneration refilled him.
“Ah. Is it going well?” Senior Goh said, cocking his head curiously.
Discussions between cultivators, even those within the same Sect, were always tenuous. Cultivation secrets were common, because knowing what another cultivator did gave you an advantage in battle. On the other hand, members of the same Sect were prone to practice the same cultivation forms and might be able to provide some degree of advice and support. And of course, being cultivators, most of their lives revolved around the progression of their immortality. Avoiding the topic entirely left one with few conversational topics.
“Not really,” Wu Ying said. “It’s… been a struggle.”
Wu Ying had debated if he was trying too many things at the same time and pushing too hard. He could progress the vortex without being nearly empty. It was easier to notice the differences and its disappearance when he was so empty, but it made it harder on Wu Ying. On top of that, because he had blocked out—or was attempting to block out—the flow of chi to his body that was not properly aspected, the total amount of chi he was drawing was lower than normal. It was like supping on soup using a spoon meant for children while one was ravenous. Slow, painful, and frustrating.
“Huh.” His Senior shrugged, having no more to say.
In truth, there wasn’t much to discuss. Not without giving more information. And this was one exercise that Wu Ying decided to keep to himself.
“Well, keep working on it.”
“I will,” Wu Ying said. “What next?”
“For the garden?” When Wu Ying nodded, Ru Ping pursed his lips. “We have more than enough gardeners inside. And the weather sniffers say that there should be no more chills, so…” Ru Ping turned his head, his gaze landing on a series of standing stones in one corner of the expansive gardens.
“Oh no.”
Ru Ping grinned. “Don’t worry. We can move them after lunch. I’ll show you all the map.”
Wu Ying let out another groan and seriously debated letting his dantian fill for this. Elder Li’s gardens were carefully adjusted according to the season. Between the chi gathering formation that surrounded the gardens themselves and the greater formation for the Sect, the chi density in the gardens was extremely high. But seasonal variations meant that the garden had to be constantly adjusted. In some cases, those adjustments were entirely natural—different types of plants that grew, bloomed, or faded during different seasons. But just as often, there were adjustments that had to be done manually—like the alteration of the rock formations, the pagodas, and the benches. It was backbreaking work. While it was done on a weekly—sometimes daily—basis, once a season, the major changes had to be made.
“Look at it this way. At least Elder Li isn’t going to be quizzing you,” Ru Ping said.
“At least.” Wu Ying shuddered at that thought.
Ever since winter had arrived, not only had the Elder decided to make Wu Ying continue his apothecary classes to better understand and use the herbs he gathered, she had begun questioning him whenever they met. She prodded him to finish memorizing the documentation she had gathered and forced Wu Ying to begin his own encyclopedia. One that included locations of where and what he had picked.
Wu Ying saw the value of what she wanted done. Every herbology encyclopedia, every manual on plants and spiritual supplies he had found differed. Some in small areas, some in large amounts. But when you were talking about identifying potentially fatal and toxic plants, even a small difference could be considered dangerous.
It was not even a matter of incompetence, but individual idiosyncrasies. Drawings of plants that might work for one author might be insufficient for another. Regional variations on plants—especially spirit herbs—could be significant. At times, certain plants could be identified by identifying the plants that grew around them, rather than the actual physiology of the plant itself. But that required a knowledge set that might—or might not—be available to other readers. And lastly, there were complications that arose from cultivators who had specific cultivation skills like Thrice-Seeing Chi Sight or Nose of the Porcine.
And so, you created your own encyclopedia. You wrote what you knew, added to it the notes you found, and hoped that it worked out. Eventually, your own document might be added to others. And so, the circle of badly created encyclopedias went on.
“You’re right,” Wu Ying said, flashing his friend and Senior a smile. “But if I’m moving all that, I’m eating first.”
Waving goodbye to his Senior, Wu Ying headed for the outer sect member he spotted carrying trays of food.
Chapter 5
Wu Ying groaned, staring at the slowly darkening sky as he leaned back and stretched the knotted muscles in his lower back. Sunset came fast in the mountains, which was why the gardening team had packed up once the sun started dipping. This time around, they’d managed to get everything finished on time, so Wu Ying found himself on the road down from the gardens, enjoying the smell of clean spring air. As he finished his stretch and continued his walk, the cultivator was surprised to see milling groups of sect members clustered together and chatting along the roadways, especially at the crossroads.
Wu Ying frowned, curiosity rising. Not enough to start a discussion with the others though, since he knew he’d eventually hear of it. The Sect was like his village in many ways. Any good gossip eventually made its way to his ears. And some not great gossip too.
He was nearly to his residence when his friends, Tou He, Li Yao, and Chao Kun found him. The pair of martial specialists and the monk were looking all too eager to discuss the latest gossip. Wu Ying stopped as they swarmed him.
“So are you excited?” Chao Kun said, his eyes gleaming.
“I’m not sure Wu Ying would be. Certainly not as much as you,” Tou He said, shooting Chao Kun an amused glare.
“He’s not dumb enough to get involved,” said Li Yao.
“Excited about what? Involved in what?” Wu Ying said exasperatedly.
“What? You haven’t heard?” Chao Kun said.
“Not yet.”
“The war,” Chao Kun said.
Wu Ying gave up and continued walking.
“You’re supposed to reply when someone asks you a question,” Li Yao said, rolling her eyes at Chao Kun. She skipped ahead and smiled at Wu Ying, falling in beside him with a welcoming, sweet smile.
“You haven’t answered his question either,” Tou He pointed out.
Li Yao pouted. “Neither have you!”
Wu Ying ignored the bickering group, strolling languidly and enjoying the walk in the fast cooling mountain. It would be nice to get home, to wash up. After a day of farming, a hot bath was perfect. And he knew that Ah Yee would have it ready for him. A luxury he felt guilty about sometimes, but one that he still indulged in. Was this the way nobles felt all the time?
“The king sent his envoy to talk to the Sect about the war,” Chao Kun finally explained when the trio’s argument ended. “He’s here to discuss our involvement.”
“They’re going to ask us to send more help,” Tou He said.
“The king always does this. He always asks for aid when things worsen. He should learn to wield his staff himself,” Li Yao groused.
“You’d know,” Chao Kun said.
Tou He frowned, cocking his head and looking at Wu Ying. Wu Ying mouthed “Lord,” making the ex-monk nod in understanding.
“A king’s envoy is a big thing, isn’t it?” Wu Ying said to head off the argument. “Something like the king himself?”
“Not something like. Exactly as if. He has the king’s seal,” Chao Kun said. “This is big. The entire time I’ve been here, I’ve never seen an envoy before. This is big.”
“You said that already,” Li Yao said. “And of course it is. The Six Jade Gates Set has gained multiple peak Core practitioners. The kingdom will suffer greatly if we do not commit our own Core cultivators.”
“Isn’t that what the entire expedition was for?” Wu Ying said, shaking his head. “I’m sure Elder Po at the least would join. And both Elder Dong and Wei managed to ascend. They’re in secluded cultivation now.”
“All the good that’ll do the kingdom,” Chao Kun said. “Even Elder Li has spent much time reinforcing her cultivation. And you know she will not be at the forefront of the war. Only Elder Po would be ready to help right now.”
“Kind of makes it seem as though everything we did on the expedition was a waste,” said Wu Ying. “We suffered a lot for such a minimal increase to our strength.”
Wu Ying looked at his friend, who had managed to heal for the most part. The ex-monk had never complained about the long hours he had spent healing after the expedition, but Wu Ying knew that the injuries still bothered him at times. It was only the progression in his cultivation stage that allowed Tou He to continue without any external effects. Of course, Wu Ying had to concede it could be that the experience and enforced rest had helped push his friend ahead too. Cultivation could be strange like that sometimes.
“In the short term, probably. But we are cultivators. We should not be thinking only in the short term,” said Chao Kun. “Once the elders stabilize their cultivation, we will have a much stronger Sect.”
“That does remind me,” said Wu Ying. “Why do we dislike—no, not dislike—fight the Six Jade Gates Sect?”
“It is because certain cultivators who should know better keep interfering with the mortal world,” said Li Yao. “Their Sect leader is the State of Wei’s king’s ancestor. It’s why the Six Jade Gates Sect throws so much support behind them.”
“I believe it is more complicated than that, Li Yao,” said Chao Kun. “I have heard rumors that the Sect Elder of the Six Jade Gates’ dao is that of conquests.”
“I heard it was domination,” said Tou He.
“Sounds the same to me,” said Li Yao.
“Only to someone who isn’t paying attention,” said Chao Kun. “One requires you to constantly grow, to continually battle. The other only requires you to own.”
“Own what?” said Wu Ying.
“Everything.”
Chao Kun’s pronouncement silenced the group. It also helped that they had finally arrived at Wu Ying’s residence. Together, they retired to Wu Ying’s greeting room, taking seats among all the wooden furniture inlaid with mother-of-pearl. After spending over a year in this residence, he had grown quite comfortable with it. Even if it was still the smallest, least ostentatious, and farthest inner sect residence, it suited him. He could have gotten something a bit larger, especially since the competition to add additional members to the sect had finished last fall, but he felt uncomfortable pushing himself forward that way. This was more than sufficient for him. Once the group settled, Ah Yee arrived with her usual efficiency and supplied the group with snacks and tea.
“I don’t really care what his dao is,” Li Yao said as she snacked on roasted sunflower seeds. “I just don’t want to get involved in the war. I’m here to be a cultivator, not a soldier.”
“So you’re not interested in joining the expedition?” said Wu Ying. “I understand that the volunteers often receive a significant number of contribution points. I would think, with the king’s envoy here, the rewards would be even greater.”
In truth, that was one of the reasons Wu Ying was interested in the war. As a peasant, he did not have the riches many of his compatriots did. And while all inner sect members receive a stipend, no ambitious cultivator—and all cultivators were ambitious by definition—would suffer themselves to be slowed down by the minuscule amounts they received.
“You can’t spend anything if you are dead.” Li Yao took a deeper breath and added, “Not that I expect us to die, but it is a war. I can’t help but think that taking part is probably a bad thing for one’s dao, unless it was aligned to something like this.”
“Li Yao is a well-known objector to the war,” said Chao Kun.
“I just object to how much help we provide to the kingdom,” said Li Yao. “The state of Wei is already overextended. If we let them fight our mortal armies, they will eventually tire themselves out. They cannot hold this much land. It is basic strategy.”
“And how many mortals would die following this strategy?” Wu Ying frowned at his girlfriend and her callous dismissal of those who would have to fight.
“Well, that would really depend on the generals involved. General Jin has a tendency to fight losing battles, but General Zhen is much more prudent. He’s more likely to pull back before things grow too damaging.”
Wu Ying shook his head, once more remembering the things that stood between him and Li Yao. His village was one of those that would be taken, be sacrificed in her strategy. Li Yao, on the other hand, came from the north, her home safe behind the river that bisected the top third of the nation. Like Lord Yi, she and her family would never really have to deal with the armies of Wei. In fact, the rich silver-loaded mountains in the north made the entire region almost autonomous from the kingdom of Shen. There was probably more to the politics involved, but Wu Ying was still learning his way around these facts. As a former peasant, his local politics involved chickens, the occasional cow, and drainage. A lot of talks about drainage.
“Well, what do people think? How many core Elders will the Six Gates send? And did anyone hear how they did over the winter? Did they manage to promote anyone else?” Tou He said to return the conversation to their initial point.
Chao Kun pursed his lips. “I heard some rumors that the Six Gates might have had a few more fortuitous encounters. They managed to promote six new members to the first stage of Core development.”
“Six!” exclaimed Tou He.
“Won’t they need a long time to stabilize their cultivation?” Wu Ying said.
“It will be shorter. Depending on the individual, it could be as short as winter,” Li Yao said. Of the group, she and Chao Kun were the closest to achieving Core cultivation and would have more information on the requirements. “After you form your Core, the initial period requires you to fill up your meridians and Core with chi. It is not—as my Master informs me—very hard. Other than that, they would need to gain an understanding of their new strength and learn a new, more suitable, martial technique.”
“Which is easier on the battlefield,” Chao Kun pointed out, waving his teacup.
“Only for those specializing in martial areas.” Wu Ying chuckled. “I don’t think Master Li sees any point in expanding her understanding of the martial arts.”
“Har. No. Though with her skills…”
The talk turned to more speculation as the group threw out names of Elders, wondering if they would be added or subjected to the call for volunteers. The addition of Core experts to the force was a certainty. How many and who was the question.
And in between, Wu Ying was forced to wonder. Why did his fate-believing, karma-loving Master decide to join the war two years ago? It was very uncharacteristic of him.
***
Elder Li was the first to find Wu Ying a couple days later. The discussion with the king’s envoy had continued in the upper levels of the sect and had, at first, been all that everyone discussed. But days after his arrival and with little word trickling down, the normal business of the Sect had reasserted itself. Elder Li thus found Wu Ying tending to a pair of early blooming magnolias, pruning branches and checking on the soil.
“You should not take part,” Elder Li said.
“In the war?”
“No. Dinner. Of course the war.” Elder Li thumped her cane on the ground to emphasize her point. “You are a Gatherer and my student. Not a stupid martial specialist.”
“I—”
“Don’t lie. I know you were thinking about it,” Elder Li said, narrowing her eyes at Wu Ying. “I know all of you fools were.”
Wu Ying shrugged. It was true that he had—he was—considering joining. However, unlike what she thought, he leaned toward not doing so. Not only because of Li Yao’s displeasure and disapproval, but because the guilt he felt about abandoning his friends two years ago was a lie. His returning would not change their position in the army. It would only put him in more danger.
“You are a Spirit Herb Gatherer. You have skills and a base of knowledge that is rare. And your combination of martial skills along with that knowledge will allow you to go far,” Elder Li said. “You have a future, one that does not have to include pointless violence. Or the risk of a war.”
Having said her piece, Elder Li turned her attention to the plants. She sighed and whacked Wu Ying on the shoulder before pointing out mistakes he had made. Afterward, she questioned Wu Ying on his recent studies, laying her cane to his shoulders whenever he hesitated or gave the wrong answer.
***
Next to speak with Wu Ying was Liu Tsong, a half day later. The beautiful apothecary apprentice had been busy during the winter, first healing from her injuries and then spending more time waiting on her secluded Master while practicing her apothecary. The only time Wu Ying had met her was during her introductory classes that she continued to teach. It was she who had helped him adjust the herbal remedy. However, beyond that, she spent most of her time in solo practice, as during her Master’s absences she had been given the run of her Master’s various apothecary cauldrons. At least, those she could handle.
“Senior Li!” Wu Ying greeted Liu Tsong with a smile and bow.
All around, the various members of the gardening group glanced over, drinking in the beauty of the senior cultivator. While she was no Fairy Yang, she was still one of the more beautiful members of the Sect.
“Wu Ying. Thank you for coming out to speak with me.” Liu Tsong tilted her head, eyeing the blooming plants with a critical eye. “I’m sorry I haven’t been able to spend more time with you.”
“It is fine, Senior. I have been busy too, trying to improve my cultivation.”
“Yes.” Left unsaid was Wu Ying’s failure. “I wanted to ask about your intentions. For the war expedition.”
“I am uncertain as yet.”
“Pity. I had thought to work with you again,” Liu Tsong said.
“You are participating?” Wu Ying exclaimed in surprise.
“I intend to. I have plans to put together a party myself.” When Wu Ying looked puzzled, Liu Tsong explained. “If a group comes with a set team, they are often able to keep team members together. It improves the safety of the group, after all. And we did work well together.”
An unbidden memory. A taotei throwing itself at Wu Ying, intent on eating his face. Sword in hand, ready for one last, final lunge. To make his mark before his death.
“Wu Ying?”
“It’s nothing,” said Wu Ying. “But I will have to disappoint you, Senior. I will not be taking part in the war, I believe.”
“Very well. If you change your mind, let me know.” Lit Tsong looked a bit sad but shook it off. “Now, tell me all about your remedy. How is it working for you? Is it as effective as we had hoped?”
“Very much so, I believe. You know how it is with these cultivation exercises,” said Wu Ying. “It’s not as if I can judge it on a numbered basis. It’s just what I believe it feels like. And it does feel as though it is effective. Certainly, it seems to have found a number of impurities in my bones to replace.”
“Good. I have been thinking though. The juju beans we had used. If we switch them out with the yellow and purple spotted mushrooms from the fourth peak…”
***
To Wu Ying’s surprise, the next person to discuss with him the upcoming war was his own Master. Master Cheng, of course, did not come down to the gardens to visit him. Instead, he summoned Wu Ying to his residence. In the evening. It was after Wu Ying had completed demonstrating his progress in both cultivation and martial styles that Elder Cheng broke the topic.
“You’re probably considering joining the war, are you not?”
“I am not, Master.” By this time, Wu Ying was pretty sure he would not indulge in the war. Even if he could fight, he was not a martial specialist. While he enjoyed playing at the wargames, it was still a game. No one died. And Wu Ying was certain the Sect and its members could deal with the upcoming storm.
“Interesting.”
Elder Cheng fell silent. Wu Ying waited to see what else the Elder had to say, or if he had anything more to say. It seemed to Wu Ying that Elder Cheng was debating something, the way his fingers tapped at the teacup. Rather than bother him, Wu Ying chose to stay silent.
“Are you not concerned about your parents?” Elder Cheng finally said.
“Somewhat. I worry about my village and my parents. But… I believe that the army will be able to guard them. They have managed to do so for so long already,” Wu Ying said. “More so, I’ve already made arrangements with Elder Li and the city below. If things are truly dangerous, the village can evacuate here.”
“Really?” Elder Cheng looked surprised. “That is quite ambitious of you. Adding an entire village to the Sect.”
“There is ample land to sustain cultivation around the Sect. It is remote here, making it difficult for many to begin, but I have saved, the village has saved, enough, I believe.”
“It is good that you have considered the matter.” Elder Cheng sipped from the teacup he held before he gestured to the teapot. Wu Ying hurried to pour the drink for the waiting Elder. “I find that many of our brethren forget the ties that bind us, the karmic debts that formed between them and their mortal parents. I believe that our inability to tie off those debts properly is the reason so many of us fail to ascend. If we cut ties from what we were without fulfilling the needs of our destiny, are we not eating our own flesh?[6]”
“Yes, Master.” Wu Ying bowed to Elder Cheng, then tilted his head as a thought struck him. When Elder Chang raised an eyebrow, he asked, “Are the gods not bound by the threads of karma then?”
“A good question. Perhaps they are bound even tighter than we are.” Elder Cheng looked at Wu Ying then nodded to himself. “That is perhaps something only the immortals themselves can answer. But I believe so.”
Wu Ying nodded. It made sense. The Dao encompassed all, and karma was but the threads of the Dao making itself known.
“I was not going to advise you on either cause of action. Nor will I advise you now. Your fate is yours, as it always has been. But I will speak to you of the potential within this war.” Wu Ying made an inquiring noise, prompting his master to continue speaking. “It is simple really. There will be more Elders, some of them in the Core Formation stage, acting during this period than you will see in the next decade. Potentially more than in the next generation unless matters escalate. It is possible that some of our more illustrious Elders, those in the Nascent Soul stage, might even take part.”
“But I am not certain what I would learn from them. I fear I am too far beneath them.”
“That too is possible. But you will never know if you are not there to witness the matter, no?” Elder Cheng shook his head. “Sometimes, caution is good. At other times, a cultivator must be bold to progress on his path.”
Wu Ying mentally grimaced. Those words sounded wise, but they were of little help to him or the actual making of a decision. In the end, he could only bank on his own beliefs and in that, Wu Ying felt he was not advanced enough. Not yet.
“I did have a question,” said Wu Ying to his Master. “If I might ask it?”
“If it is not too important, you may do so.”
“When we first met, you were taking part in the war. I do not understand why you and Senior Yang were doing so.”
“Because of my dao?”
