Chapter One – Virtue and Sin
Day Six
The light shining on her face signaled the start of the new day, and she opened her eyes, the silence of her room comforting her. No beeping monitors, no doctors or nurses to disturb her. It had just been a very realistic nightmare. She held her hand up, happy to be able to do so without resistance. She laughed softly to herself. She was fine, which could probably be considered something of a miracle, given her stupidity last night. Granted, it wasn’t complete stupidity. She’d stayed up for an hour on the roof, staring at the stars in introspection, all while nomming down a massive amount of food until she almost felt ill. All of this was in preparation for the real stupidity: mass siphoning the guards she’d touched.
Jade had been hoping her new ability would negate some of the massive drawbacks from siphoning so many people, since it had helped so much with the counts earlier. She’d literally felt almost nothing from skimming the top off of two very high leveled people. Perhaps that and her realization that she was here because of envy had led her to try and bite off another huge batch. Sneezing a few times, she glanced around, trying to see if she’d breathed in dust or something. Not seeing anything, she shrugged it off and went back to her happy perusal.
​Still, as she stood up and stared in the mirror, she grinned, because she was okay. She was more than okay! She was practically glowing, and she sang softly to herself, “Oh, what a delightful moooorning. Oh, what a marvelous day!” Laughing, she pranced around the room, gathering her clothes and heading to the washroom. The inn was oddly quiet, but she ignored that in favor of taking a nice relaxing bath while she checked her profile.
​Admiring the fact that her skin felt softer and smoother, that her hair seemed stronger and shinier, that her bust had gone up in size again, and that overall, she now had visibly defined muscles when she flexed, she giggled giddily and finally pulled up her floating blue screens.
Name: Jade Winward
Age: 18
Strength: 12.21
Dexterity: 13.11
Constitution: 12.19
Intelligence: 18.31
Magic: 13.76
Charisma: 12.44
Luck: 15.19
Special Abilities: Adaptable, Siphon
Skills: Accessorycraft, Acrobatics, Appraisal, Archery, Athletics, Blood Magic, Bluff, Compulsion Magic, Danger Sense, Dark Magic, Deception, Diplomacy, Dodge, Earth Magic, Eating, Engineering, Fire Magic, Glasscraft, Haggle, Healing Magic, Heat Resistance, Herbology, Illusion Magic, Information Gathering, Insight, Intimidate, Life Magic, Light Armor, Light Magic, Lightning Magic, Mana Sense, Mathematics, Mental Fortitude, Metal Magic, Modeling, Nature Magic, Navigation, Pain Tolerance, Perception, Perseverance, Persuasion, Running, Sense Motive, Singing, Sleight of Hand, Small Blades, Speed Reading, Stealth, Tailoring, Tracking, Unarmed Combat, Walking, Water Magic, Wind Magic, Writing
Accessorycraft
Beginner 4
33%
Acrobatics
Beginner 9
56%
Appraisal
Intermediate 5
14%
Archery
Beginner 8
24%
Athletics
Intermediate 4
92%
Blood Magic
Intermediate 3
3%
Bluff
Intermediate 4
52%
Compulsion Magic
Beginner 6
92%
Danger Sense
Beginner 5
6%
Dark Magic
Beginner 3
93%
Deception
Intermediate 4
2%
Diplomacy
Intermediate 6
73%
Dodge
Beginner 9
96%
Earth Magic
Beginner 10
6%
Eating
Intermediate 3
27%
Engineering
Beginner 5
92%
Fire Magic
Beginner 8
21%
Glasscraft
Beginner 4
70%
Haggle
Intermediate 2
81%
Healing Magic
Intermediate 5
25%
Heat Resistance
Beginner 5
52%
Herbology
Beginner 10
79%
Illusion Magic
Beginner 4
10%
Information Gathering
Intermediate 9
20%
Insight
Intermediate 6
47%
Intimidate
Beginner 10
83%
Life Magic
Beginner 8
23%
Light Armor
Beginner 7
83%
Light Magic
Intermediate 7
10%
Lightning Magic
Beginner 6
15%
Mana Sense
Beginner 9
87%
Mathematics
Beginner 7
4%
Mental Fortitude
Intermediate 6
14%
Metal Magic
Intermediate 1
88%
Modeling
Beginner 6
92%
Nature Magic
Beginner 4
83%
Navigation
Intermediate 2
39%
Pain Tolerance
Beginner 7
40%
Perception
Intermediate 7
9%
Perseverance
Intermediate 5
28%
Persuasion
Intermediate 5
16%
Running
Beginner 4
53%
Sense Motive
Intermediate 5
6%
Singing
Beginner 4
10%
Sleight of Hand
Intermediate 2
73%
Small Blades
Beginner 7
0%
Speed Reading
Intermediate 7
78%
Stealth
Intermediate 1
7%
Tailoring
Beginner 8
18%
Tracking
Beginner 4
58%
Unarmed Combat
Beginner 6
57%
Walking
Intermediate 7
16%
Water Magic
Intermediate 4
61%
Wind Magic
Beginner 10
69%
Writing
Beginner 2
15%
It was a good thing no one else could see her sheet, because even she could tell it was absolutely ridiculous for someone who’d only been in the world for five full days. She had to laugh that her three highest skills were information gathering, speed reading, walking, and only then did light magic come in. The simple things in life really were the best!
​She happily noted the values of her new skills. She’d siphoned accessorycraft and tracking, so she expected those on her list, but danger sense was something that had appeared on its own after her encounter with the doppelganger. It wasn’t something she’d seen on anyone else’s list before. She was curious as to how it worked, but just chalked it up to spidey senses tingling. Or maybe it was something that only came when you had insight, mana sense, and perception? Did skills spawn new skills?
​Deciding that was a useless path to tread since there were no obvious answers, she quickly got out of the bath and ready for the day. Given that she was going to be active and healing today, she opted to tie her hair back in a nice french braid while picking out clothes that were loose and comfortable to move in with short sleeves. Skipping down the hall towards the common room, she sang softly, “I’m walking on sunshine, wooooah, and don’t it feel good!” She jumped down the last step with a grin before it faded as she looked blankly around the common room.
​She could vaguely hear the sounds of someone washing the dishes in the kitchen, but otherwise it was completely empty. Oh, there were a few empty plates that looked like they hadn’t been cleared off in the far end of the room, but that was it. Making her way to the kitchen, she poked her head in and saw Kaylee and Jessica washing the dishes. Clearing her throat, she called out softly, “Morning!”
​“Oh, Jade, you’re awake! Let me get you something to eat.” They’d both turned to look at her, but Jessica was the one who rinsed off her hands and started to bustle around the kitchen, gathering things for her.
​“Thanks… Just one question. Where is everyone?”
​Kaylee laughed at her quizzical confusement. “Oh sweetheart, they’re already at Dracona! Eric told us you were exempted from the morning workout. I was actually just going to go make sure you were awake in a minute. You’ve got just under an hour to eat and get up there.” Jade had taken a seat at a nearby counter, remembering that she had very vehemently opted against going to the earliest classes.
​She hadn’t thought it might isolate her so much. Ah well, she’d be healing them, so she’d still see people in her armload of classes. She’d asked Eric what the normal course load was, and he’d told her that most people had less than half the amount of afternoon classes she did. So really, she didn’t feel too bad about missing one hour of general fitness.
Jessica plopped a plate full of food in front of her, smiling. “Seems like you’ve got a few admirers. Kaylee was asked by no less than five people where you were.” Jade paused shoveling food in her mouth to laugh a bit at that. Admirers?
​“That’s unlikely. They were probably just curious.” She smiled and went back to eating. She wasn’t a bag of bones anymore, but she didn’t think she was anything particularly special either. It was probably Will, Jackson, Evan, or Adam who was asking, since she’d been eating breakfast with them the last few days. Or was it day? So much had happened in such a short period of time that she sort of felt like everything was blurred together.
“Speaking of curious, how did you do your hair like that? It’s so pretty.” Kaylee was now mooning over her french braid. “You always have the prettiest hairstyles, but this one would work so well to keep everything out of the way.”
Jade laughed. “That was kinda the point. It’s simple.” She pulled out her pocket watch, glancing at the time. She still had forty-five minutes, and it was around a twenty-five minute walk, she figured. Grinning, she declared, “Here, I’ll do your hair really quick, and you guys can watch me do the other’s so you learn how to do it. It’s not hard.” She pushed away her already empty plate because she’d unconsciously wolfed it down as they were talking.
“Really?” Kaylee’s eyes were bugged out as if she’d just won the lottery, and both Jade and Jessica burst into laughter as Jade nodded, trying not to cry because she was laughing so hard. Kaylee lightly whapped them on the arm and reprimanded, “Stop laughing!” This, of course, only made them laugh more.
It only took her about five minutes to do both hairdos, even with much giggling and her pointing out the necessary parts of the braid. It was a super simple thing, after all, but they were both amazed and enraptured by their new dos. They were still examining each other cheerfully when Raphael walked in, shaking his head. “I should have guessed you’d be in here.”
​Jade grinned. “What, you expected to find me somewhere other than the source of all goodness?” He glanced around, noticing her already empty plate, and just smiled sardonically. He looked a lot better when he smiled, flashing his pearly whites. Distracted, she realized that her teeth were getting whiter by the day too. If she kept raising her scores, would she look like she was born to star in a dental commercial? Raphael waved his hand in front of her face, bringing her back to reality. All three of them were laughing at her.
​“Welcome back.” Raphael was having a hard time suppressing his smirk. “Did you hear anything I just said?” Guiltily, she shook her head and Jessica burst into a fresh peal of laughter. “I was saying, you’d probably better head for Dracona if you’re done eating. You don’t want to be late on your first day, do you?”
​Startled, she looked back at her watch, noting that she now only had thirty minutes. Jumping to her feet, she glanced around, now a bit flustered. “Okay!” She started patting things down, checking that she had her library card, her school ID, pins in case anything fell down, money to pay for anything she needed…
​“Have fun! Don’t bully the other kids too much!” Jessica called out as she was leaving the kitchen, and Jade quickly turned around, rushing over to hug a surprised Jessica and Kaylee.
​She grinned as she let them go. “I’ll try not to. Have a wonderful day!” She poked them both, dancing away as they squealed in protest. She returned to Raphael’s side, who was holding open the outer door for her. She was about to step into the sunshine when she realized… “My sunglasses!” Turning around, she sprinted for the stairs while she heard Raphael let out a laughing sigh.
​She half tripped going up the stairs and heard him call out behind her, “Don’t hurt yourself!”
​Laughing as she quickly unlocked her room, ran inside, and grabbed her brand new sunglasses, she locked it again behind her and traipsed cheerfully down the stairs. “Does it matter if I do? I can just heal it.”
​He shook his head. “I suppose that’s true. You remember how to get there?”
Grinning, she stuck her tongue out at him. “Yes, Da.”
​He whacked her head lightly. “If I was your dad, you’d have more sense! And be way, way younger.”
​She stuck her tongue out again. “Maybe you were cradle robbed!” He laughed, gently pushing her out as she stuck her sunglasses firmly on her face, smiling because for the first time, she was outside and didn’t have to squint at the sun!
“Don’t get lost. Don’t cause trouble. Don’t get hurt. Please?”
She saluted him ironically. “I’ll do my very best.” Turning, she began to make her way to Dracona. When she was almost there, the streets were practically empty. Seemingly most of the traffic in that area came from Dracona, and with everyone in the physical training, there was no one around.
​Absently, she sang under her breath, “I cross these empty roads, on the boulevard of stolen dreams…”
Chapter Two – Petty
She walked up the large hill to the gate where two guards were relaxing. They seemed startled to see her and one of them asked curiously, “Can we help you?”
​Jade smiled cheerfully at them, nodding and pulling out her school pass. “I’m just heading to classes.” The guards frowned, but one of them took her pass. She brushed his weathered hand as he did so, happy to see a new blinking dot.
​The guard stared down at her card as if trying to figure out if it was a forgery while he absently tugged on his well trimmed dark brown beard. He looked like he was probably in his forties, if she had to guess, and she met his much lighter brown eyes as he said gruffly, “You realize classes started at eight o’clock? It’s almost nine.” He was obviously disapproving of the fact that she was so late, now that he’d verified her pass was real.
​She just smiled innocently at him. “Oh, I’ve been excused from the fitness classes.”
​Guard number two, who had light brown hair and looked much younger than his counterpart, was now also frowning. “No one gets excused from the fitness classes. It’s an important part of the academy training.” His voice carried a small undercurrent of hostility for some reason.
​She smiled at him, then took her card back from guard number one. “Well, I’m sorry to prove you wrong, but I’m the exception. You’ll just have to get used to seeing me come later.”
Guard two grabbed her arm, now glaring angrily. “You will show up at the same time as everyone else. Fitness training is mandatory.” She was getting angry now because he was gripping her hard enough to bruise. Concentrating on a magic she’d never used before, she imagined herself using a shocking grasp on his hand and he yelped, pulling his arm away as she felt the magic flash out of her. “Did you just use magic on me!?”
She was glaring now as she spoke calmly. “Yes, and if you could do more than ten kinds of magic, maybe you’d have been exempt from fitness training as well.” Looking disdainfully at the bruise on her arm, she touched it, healing it and watching in satisfaction as the already swelling skin went back to normal. Looking back up at the guards, with guard one now watching her warily and guard two just looked pissed, she continued, “If you ever lay a hand on me again, I’ll do more than shock you.”
​She was mad. It was the first time a person—she was discounting monsters—had ever laid a hand on her with the intention to hurt her in her life. Not even Raphael had done it. She should probably be scared, but she found he wasn’t nearly as scary as when she felt helpless in front of the mesmer. Fuming, she turned to guard one as she asked, “Which way is the infirmary?”
​Guard one looked both wary and confused now. “Didn’t you just heal yourself?”
​Getting more annoyed by the minute, she snapped waspishly, “I’m here to heal the students after their fitness session ends. Now, if you two would stop delaying me and give me directions, I could go help the people who need it.”
​After a quick glance at her notifications, she figured out that guard one’s name was Terry and guard two’s was Aaron. She assigned names to faces as Terry gave her directions almost numbly. She nodded to him, then turned to Aaron as she said in a quiet but menacing voice, “I’ll give you some time to think over the choices you’ve just made. Perhaps you’ll never have to deal with the consequences, but I want you to think about it. One day, your life may be in danger. You’ll need a healer, and they’ll call someone. Maybe it will be me. If that happens, your life will rest in the hands of someone you tried to bully and physically harmed.”
​She smiled slowly, then turned to walk away, her voice carrying to them. “Think about it.” Before she’d turned, she could see Aaron go white as a sheet. Was she the bully now? Maybe. Would she still heal him if he really was injured? Probably. It had only been a bruise, after all. Nevertheless, it left a bad taste in her mouth.
​Deciding that she was just going to move on from the encounter, she smirked and sang softly to herself, “I won’t heal no scrubs. A scrub is a jerk who can’t get no heals from me…” She kept humming the rest of the song as she walked, and soon enough there were students pouring out from various directions. She glanced around, realizing the fitness classes had ended.
​Picking out one person who looked like they’d had a pretty hard fall, she followed him, figuring he’d be going in the right direction. She smiled sunnily at people as she passed, and they seemed to look at her fresh-faced smile with curiosity, since unlike them, she wasn’t covered in sweat.
​And then she was there. She was glad she’d chosen to follow the boy because she might have otherwise missed the unassuming building in front of her. At only two stories, it wasn’t all that large, but there was a small stream of injured students entering. Walking in, she noticed that they’d formed an orderly line and were waiting to see a middle aged woman at the front desk as if it was the most natural thing.
​To her surprise, she didn’t recognize any of the students, which meant that the injured were not first years. It made sense, since she figured out the first years might not have known exactly where to go yet, while these veterans had booked it over in order to get treated first.
​Smiling cheerfully, she walked past the line, and one of the guys in it called out, “Hey, get to the back of the line!”
​She glanced back at him and smirked, responding confidently, “No.” He looked dumbfounded at her audacity and she used that opportunity to finish making her way to the front, where she caught the attention of who she assumed was the resident healer.
​The woman had wispy gray hair that curled around her head wildly. She’d obviously tried to pull it back earlier, but fully half of it had already escaped. Her kind blue eyes were still shrewd as she asked pointedly, “Is there a reason you’re cutting in line?”
​Jade nodded, answering with an innocent smile, “Yes, actually. I’m your new assistant.”
​It seemed to take a moment before she stopped healing the guy in front of her and processed what Jade had said. “Wait, you’re Jade?” When Jade nodded, she frowned and stated, “You’re late.”
“Yes, I was supposed to be here earlier, but the guards at the gate didn’t like the fact that I didn’t go to the fitness training, so I had a little trouble getting past them.” The healer looked a little disgruntled at her explanation, then nodded and waved her around the desk.
​“Very well. I’m Baroness Scylla Tremont, by the way. Have a seat and let’s see what you can do.” Jade smiled and rounded the table, and she could hear the whispers relaying what had just happened rushing down the line. A few of the disgruntled faces lightened when they realized she was a healer and not someone cutting in line.
​“Next,” her clear voice called the next student forward, and a scrawnier boy stepped up, moving aside his mop of brown hair to reveal a nice goose egg on his forehead that accompanied a swollen, bloody lip. Scylla motioned for Jade to touch him as she reached forward as well. She explained to the boy, “I’m going to let Jade heal you, but I’ll be monitoring to make sure nothing goes wrong.” He looked more relieved that he wasn’t being completely left to the newbie, and Jade softly touched his goose egg.
​In her mind’s eye, she noted his injuries, seeing that several of his teeth had been loosened as well. She smiled comfortingly at him as she hastily reassured, “Don’t worry, your smile will be good as new in a moment.” He seemed confused, and then she infused him with her magic. That moment of confusion made him stay still long enough that she erased all traces of his injury, and a few seconds later she let go, ignoring her new blinking dots from both him and Scylla.
​He looked surprised, then asked, “Is that it?”
​Scylla nodded, looking mildly impressed. “Yes, that was one of the fastest healings I’ve seen, and it was very clean. She did a very good job.” Jade grinned and Scylla shooed the boy away. Looking at Jade, she asked solemnly, “How long did you say you’ve been using healing magic?”
​Shrugging, she replied so softly that Scylla had to lean in to hear her, “About five days now. But I grew up around doctors most of my life, and we had much more advanced science. So I’m very familiar with how the body works and the different things that can ail someone.”
​Nodding, Scylla looked thoughtful, then gestured to the next two students in line. “Both of you, come forward. Jade will help one of you, so we’ll get through this line twice as fast.” Grinning, Jade nodded, and Scylla added in an aside to her. “If you happen to need help, just let me know.”
​“Will do.” She smiled at the student in front of her, then asked happily, “So, what happened to you?”
​Most of the students were skeptical about being healed by her at first, but after the next few went away quickly and fully healed, even that stopped. After around half an hour, all the students had been healed and they were left alone in the infirmary. Scylla smiled at Jade as she commented, “Thank you for the help. That was much faster than usual.”
​Jade nodded before she asked, “You’re welcome, but where are the first years?”
​Scylla looked surprised, then laughed. “Ah right, your friends?” Jade nodded and Scylla smiled. “They’re probably fine. They usually take it easier on the first years the first few days. They were probably mostly running rather than doing the more strenuous combat exercises or the obstacle course.” Well, that made sense.
​Jade glanced around, looking at the various rooms that they hadn’t even touched. They’d literally helped everyone at the front desk. “What do you use the rooms for?”
​Scylla followed the direction of her gaze, then answered plainly, “Oh, that’s in case they come while I’m not here. I usually only stay until lunch, when I do a second round of healing for anyone who injured themselves in weapon training. After that, I leave the school and head around the wall, so anyone who comes in after that has to wait until either I can be called or Mike can come in.” She looked thoughtful. “Although now they can probably be sent to you as well. If I remember right, you’re going to be on campus?”
​Jade nodded. “Yes, I’ve got room 2A in the Magnus Crafting Center as my workroom. I’ll be in classes, but if they wait for me outside there, I’ll be able to help them between hours, or they can find me in whichever classroom I’m in there if it’s serious.” Jade smiled happily, then seemed to remember something. “Oh! I should probably go there now. I need to pick up my weapons before I go to class.”
​“Get going with you then! I’ll pass the word on.” Jade smiled and nodded, about to run out when she thought of something, then turned back.
​“By the way, maybe this is petty of me, but if a guard called Aaron comes in and complains about his hand, it’s because I shocked him for bruising me. Please tell him that if he wants it healed, he owes me an apology first.” She hadn’t shocked him too hard, but she had made sure it would be numb and somewhat unresponsive for at least two days or until he got it healed. Sure, she wanted him to reflect, but she wasn’t about to let him off easily either.
​Scylla’s eyes narrowed. “You said he bruised you?”
​Jade shrugged and nodded. “He grabbed my arm really hard to stop me from walking away. He was trying to bully me into going to the fitness classes for some reason. He seemed angry that I’d been excused from them.”
​Scylla looked thoughtful, then shooed her out. “Very well. Off with you! I’ll see you Wednesday, if not sooner.” Jade grinned and nodded, then paused, considering hugging the kind older lady, then deciding against it for the moment. There was time to get to know her better before that became a thing.
​She smiled, and considering who the woman reminded her of, she said softly, “Until we meet again, fair fortune be yours.” Grinning, she opened the door and stepped out into the sunshine, pulling her sunglasses off of her hair and back onto her nose. Humming Hedwig’s theme, she took light steps towards the crafting center to grab her shiny pointy things. It was time to see if she could avoid stabbing herself…
Chapter Three – Collection
The Magnus Crafting Center felt pretty empty compared to the rest of campus. Perhaps it was because none of the crafting classes started until after lunch, but not even the student stores were open. The professors were in their offices, and once she reached the second story, not a soul was in sight. Feeling the eerie emptiness, she quickly unlocked her workshop and slipped inside, feeling almost like a thief in the night.
​Walking over to the shelves where she’d had Camille put her new shinies, she was surprised to find way more weapons than she’d picked out. First, there was the original beginner bow she’d chosen, but next to it was the beautiful jade inlay she’d been coveting. Apparently, it hadn’t gone unnoticed or unbought. Next to that were the six daggers she’d picked out, plus what looked like the rest of the jade collection from the store. Instead of one sword, there were three: the original sword she’d picked out and two more in different styles, but again, with the jade inlay. Grinning, she ran her finger over the hilts of each weapon, just admiring them.
​Obviously, Camille had decided to give her as many options as she could handle, because next to those was a box that when opened, proved to be more jade inlaid weapons: an axe, crossbow, flail, pretty spiked gauntlets, a hammer, mace, and a whip. Jade also finally noticed that in the nearby corner, there was now a spear and staff. Had she bought out the entire collection of that particular style?
​Singing at the top of her lungs, she grabbed the beginner bow and pushed a few knives into her bag. “Look at this stuff; isn’t it sleek? Wouldn’t you say my collection’s complete? Wouldn’t you think I’m the girl…the girl who has everything! I’ve got axes and bows aplenty. Swords and spears galore. You want daggers? I’ve got twenty! Camille cares, no big deal, she’ll buy more…”
Laughing at herself, she settled into her little comfort corner for a bit. She still had twenty minutes, and she needed a bit of a recharge after all that healing, so she started in on the massive collection of food, which had also grown in her absence, that Camille had left for her.
​At ten to the hour, she gathered her stuff up and happily skipped her way to one of the courtyards that Stephen had pointed out to her as the beginning archery range. She was early, but still surprised to note that besides her, there was just the instructor and one other student. What was going on?
​“Hi! Am I in the right place for beginning archery?” Her cheerful voice held notes of obvious confusion and doubt. The two turned to look at her.
​“Ah, Jade! You’re here.” She recognized him as Viscount Carter Abas, one of the professors Stephen had introduced her to that night. She smiled and walked forward more confidently now that she knew she was in the right place, even if it still felt strange. “Come, now that you’re both here, we can start.”
​She paused, staring at him in confusion once again. “Wait, you mean…we’re the only ones coming?”
​Carter laughed at her shock. “Yes. Most of the other students have been using weapons all their lives, and most only take the beginner classes if they want to pick up something new. Archery is something that almost everyone knows, since it’s the safest way to kill monsters.” Well, okay. At least that made sense—teach everyone ranged fighting so that you have a force who can come away with no casualties.
​Seeming to ignore her inner musings, he went on, “Jade, meet Jeremy Fifield. Jeremy, this is Lady Jade Winward.”
​Jade stepped forward, offering her hand to the skinnier redhead. His hair was combed over neatly, his hazel eyes shimmering with curiosity. He was lightly tanned, which mostly hid his freckles. His physique wasn’t anywhere near what she’d seen from most of the men around here, but it seemed firm and fit as he took her hand, bending over to brush his lips lightly against it. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Lady Jade.”
​She smiled, then said softly, “The pleasure is mine.” He obviously wasn’t a noble since Carter had omitted any sort of title for him, but he had a conscientious bearing that spoke of confidence in what he knew. He let go and she let her hand fall to her side, ignoring her new little dot.
​Carter was smirking. “Well, now that that’s done, let’s see where you’re at.” Jade watched as Jeremy immediately started putting on his arm guards and checking his bow. It looked like it had been well used before, and she started to feel a little nervous. Noticing this, Carter asked, “Is something the matter?”
​Jade smiled ruefully and confessed, “I’ve never used a weapon before… I have absolutely no idea what to do.” She held out the beginner’s bow Camille had bought her. “I have a bow? But uhh… I don’t know how to put the protective stuff on. It’s just straps and leather to me.” She had pulled out the stuff Camille had put with her bow, but she had no idea how to use it, despite trying to surreptitiously watch Jeremy.
​Carter came over, shaking his head. “I forgot you’re so new to everything. Here, let me help.” She could smell a weird mix of leather, wood, and something else she couldn’t quite place as he helped her into her gear. He explained the process patiently, double checking it to make sure it was on properly. She took the chance to study him properly. Bright blue eyes and sandy blonde hair tugged back into a short ponytail, he reminded her a bit of the Dread Pirate Roberts, the flowing white shirt and black pants only adding to her imagination. They finally got her buckled in, and Carter smiled. “Let’s have Jeremy go first. Watch his posture so you can mimic it.”
​Jeremy smiled at her, having been waiting for them to finish. With confidence, he lifted his bow and nocked an arrow, sighting the target that looked to be maybe thirty feet away. Carter corrected him a little bit on his grip, and then he released, an arrow thunking into the outer ring. “Nine more,” Carter instructed patiently, and they both watched as Jeremy sunk arrow after arrow into the target, only missing entirely once. None of them were particularly close to the center bullseye, but he had at least moved closer from the outer ring.
​She was nervous when Carter turned to her. “Your turn.” She walked up the range, having settled her quiver over her shoulder. Carter helped her get a feel for the right way to hold the bow and nock the arrow and then stepped back to let her try on her own. Her first arrow flew way wide of her target, and she flushed. “Calm down. It’s not a competition. Just focus on the arrows.”
​His voice was soothing, and she forced herself to take a few deep breaths, centering herself. When she nocked another arrow, it was done much more smoothly. Sighting the target, she let out a breath as she released, and gave a little jump and woot of excitement when it hit the outer ring. Triumphantly she turned to Carter and Jeremy, who were both grinning as well. “You’ve got it! Keep going.”
​Elated that she’d managed to hit the target, she began to pull and shoot again. It almost felt like there was an auto-correct on her posture and movements because she found herself sliding into them without thought. It just felt right, and she realized that was probably part of the correction of her siphoning experience. It was subtle, but also very helpful. If she hadn’t been starting from nothing, she might not have even noticed that it was like a good habit ingrained into her body.
​Her arrows began to creep closer and closer to the center of the target, until on her ninth and tenth arrows, she hit dead center. Laughing in elation, she turned to celebrate with Jeremy and Carter. To her surprise, they were just staring at her in amazement, and Jeremy managed to choke out, “You’ve got to be kidding me… That can’t have been your first time holding a bow.”
​Carter was staring at her in some sort of weird fascination, but there was a weirdly fanatical glint to his eyes. A little unnerved, her smile faded from her face as she questioned them, “Is something wrong?”
​Carter shook his head, grinning. “Nothing, just that you’re evidently a genius. It usually takes months of practice to be able to shoot like that.” Oh, oops.
​Smiling, she shrugged and tried to pass it off. “Oh, my special ability makes it so things come easily to me, so it’s a bit of a cheat.” She blushed a little, staring at the ground. She now felt a little bad that Jeremy, who’d been practicing for who knows how long, had been shown up by her on her first time on the range.
​Carter asked curiously, “Check your archery skill. You should have it now and I’m curious as to what it’s at.”
​Startled, Jade nevertheless decided to check.
Archery
Beginner 9
86%
She laughed a little nervously, then said haltingly, “Beginner 9, 86%.” She heard Carter whistle as Jeremy shook his head.
​“That’s just crazy. Does all your stuff grow this fast?” Jade considered Jeremy’s question, then shrugged.
​“I haven’t been checking the progress of stuff more than once a day. I knew my speed was fast, but that’s it.” Jeremy and Carter were both shaking their heads in awe.
​Jeremy said ruefully, “Guess that means you won’t stay in this class very long.” She pondered this, then shook her head.
​“Actually, I think I’ll stay here even when my skill advances. If I’m not wrong, the intermediate archery class has a lot more people?” Carter nodded, so she went on. “Besides, it would screw up my schedule. I’d rather have a smaller class so I can get more instruction.” She shrugged and grinned. Perhaps it was selfish of her, but she’d rather have a tutor than class instruction. She’d learn more. “It might change because I think I’m going to have to move my schedule around next week, but a least for now, I’ll just stay here.”
​Carter nodded, since her logic made sense. “Alright! Well, the best way to get better is to practice. Once you can hit bullseye ten times in a row, we’ll move you back to the next target.” The rest of the next thirty minutes was spent with her and Jeremy shooting until their quivers were empty and then collecting the arrows while Carter gave them tips and instructions on how to do better.
​Both of them had managed to move on to the fifty-foot targets by the end of their class time. Grinning, Jade held her hand up. “High five!”
​Carter and Jeremy both just stared at her, and finally Carter asked, “What are you doing?”
​Jade groused, grumbling as she walked straight up to Carter as she took his hand, forcing him through the motions of a high five. She mumbled poutily, “Just because you’re old doesn’t mean you can’t have fun.” So Carter wasn’t really OLD, he was probably mid thirties like Stephen and Eric, but still. Both he and Jeremy burst into laughter.
​“Is it something from your old world?” Jeremy asked curiously, and she nodded.
​“It’s basically what people did to celebrate stuff. Like hey, you did a great job, high five! Or hey, we won, high five! Score, high five!” She didn’t mention the butt slapping. Probably too much for this world. She might give someone a heart attack if she tried, which almost made her want to try.
​“I see. Then high five!” Jeremy put his hand up and Jade bounced like a little bunny to hit it, since him holding it at the top of his reach was way too high for her, but she was laughing as she managed to glance against his hand.
​Carter was shaking his head, just laughing at her antics, and soon all three of them were giggling helplessly. Carter tried to calm down, but then one look at her and Jeremy would set him off again; it was the same for them. It was only when other people started to show up and look at them laughing madly that they finally calmed down. It looked like the intermediate class was here. Grinning, she nodded to Carter as she said gratefully, “Thanks for the help. See you Wednesday!” Glancing at her pocket watch, she realized she needed to hurry if she was going to make her small blades class on time. Quickly shoving her quiver and bow into her bag, she nodded in greeting to the students she passed.
​“Hey Jade!” Jackson cheerfully greeted her as she passed. Adam was by his side and waved a greeting at her as well.
​“Hey guys! Have fun with Carter. Catch you later!” They nodded, shooing her out because they also knew she’d be late. She began a slow jog to her next training field destination, a bright grin on her face.
​She had sunshine, friends, and new things to learn. What more could a girl ask for?
Chapter Four – Impaling
Having realized that low numbers would be a theme in the beginner classes of essential weaponry, she was less surprised when she got to the small blades training ground and found herself alone with the instructor. It made a certain amount of sense. She’d pretty much seen that everyone carried around at least one dagger with them at all times. It was convenient both for food and as an emergency measure in case one was confronted by a monster. Maybe the commoners didn’t have proficiency with the bow, but all the nobles would at the very least. As for why there were none of the talent students here…well, if they were admitted because they were talented, then them having proficiency with knives wasn’t all that surprising either.
​Plus, she figured even stuff like cooking could probably net you some proficiency. The beginner levels went by pretty fast, and most people probably got stuck in intermediate for a very long time, if they ever got out of it. They weren’t like her, who got insane bonuses to everything, it seemed. She couldn’t be sure, but she figured either siphon or adaptable were playing a part in her natural learning too. Maybe both.
Smiling, she dug through her memory for his name as she went forward to greet her private tutor–er, professor. “Hello, Viscount Xay.” He held out a slightly scarred hand to take hers, bending grizzled lips over her fingers. His wiry body spoke of extreme flexibility even as he bent. His hair was short with a few threads of white in the brown mass to signify his age of around forty, if she had to guess. Unlike many of the other professors who wore loose clothing, his was tightly fitted to his lean body. She wondered if he had an ounce of fat on him or if he was just pure muscle and bone.
​“Jade, it’s lovely to see you again, but please, call me Brady.” His tenor voice was melodical, and she vaguely recalled seeing singing on his list of siphonable abilities.
​Glancing around to make sure there were no other arrivals in sight, she asked cheerfully, “So, do I have you all to myself for training, or are we waiting for more to arrive?” She was barely on time, so she doubted anyone else was coming, but it never hurt to check.
​He chuckled softly. “Just you. The rest of the herd was here last hour.”
​She smiled apologetically. “Sorry to take so much of your time for just me.” Even though she was glad to have the personal instruction, because she was pretty sure she’d grow much faster this way, she was also sure a viscount had better things to do than teach her to wield the shinies.
​He shook his head, grinning. “Don’t worry about it. It’s an honor to be able to teach a traveler.” Well okay, that kinda fit in with the whole hero worship that went on here, but she was glad not to see a fanatical gleam in his eye when he talked about it. Just humor and respect, which was swell as far as she was concerned.
​Grinning back at him, she pulled out her bag and showed him her collection of daggers. “Thank you then! I’m looking forward to learning how to use these without impaling myself.”
​He laughed upon seeing her collection. “You have enough there?”
​She shrugged innocently. “I didn’t buy them. They were a gift! Was I supposed to say no?”
​Shaking his head, he reached in and started pulling them out. “Alright, let’s start by figuring out which ones you want to use regularly. We’ll figure out which ones you’re comfortable wearing and then start with how to pull them out without, as you so eloquently put it, impaling yourself.”
​“Sounds like a plan to me!” They spent the next five minutes attaching straps to various locations on her body as she figured out where she wanted to keep her knives. She ended up deciding on two knives that followed the outer lining of her boots, one on her right thigh, and a small pack of throwing blades that could double as her archery brace on her right forearm. She had considered one on her left outer bicep but decided that she probably didn’t need to arm herself to the teeth. She had magic, after all. Her arsenal would grow, and she didn’t need to fill every slot with a knife.
​She had thought he might start her with some of the wooden blades she saw in boxes nearby, but his decision had surprised her. “No, we’ll start you with real blades. You’re a healer, and you’ll learn more from your mistakes if they actually hurt.” She had grumped a little bit, then conceded that he was probably right. Pain was a powerful motivator. Not a fun one, but powerful nonetheless.
​Still, she did pretty decently and attributed at least part of it to the fact that she had her autocorrect skills in place. She still managed to cut her arm twice, but like he said, she was a healer, so it didn’t matter much other than the sting of pain before she healed herself. It was less pain than she got from siphoning people and barely lasted twenty seconds, so she decided it wasn’t worth complaining about.
​After she could properly draw her weapons without hurting herself, he taught her the correct way to grip each one. What followed was a series of demonstrations on how to stab and slash, what to avoid, how to make your movements unpredictable and predict the moves of your opponents… It was like he was trying to shove all his close combat knowledge into her brain. She kept up, barely, but it was something she was going to need to review a lot until it was second nature to her.
​In the last twenty minutes, he’d sparred with her, which was the most painful part. He’d scored a series of small nicks across her body, always holding his strength back and not cutting too deeply, but making sure it hurt. Her only consolation was that she had managed to score one hit on him as well, shallow as it was. After healing them both up, she laughed as she looked at her clothing. It was clean, but she still had a bunch of cuts showing the white skin on her legs, shoulders, back, and stomach. He hadn’t shown a whole lot of mercy, but she was grateful. No monster would show mercy, and it had helped her figure out her weaknesses in an extremely clear manner.
​Panting with exhaustion, she sat next to him as they both gulped down water. He may have been scoring the most hits, but she’d made him work for it. Her movements were still jerky at times, but that also made them more unpredictable. He laughed, staring at the bright blue sky. “I’m honestly amazed. You made huge progress in just one lesson.”
​She grinned, poking his arm. “If I didn’t, you’d have bled me to death! You have no mercy!” In an hour of personal tutoring and cutting each other up, the lines had bled, and he no longer felt like a teacher but an older friend, albeit one who was intent on pounding as much as he could into her brain and body.
​He grinned. “You’re not like most of the students I see come through here. Everyone else would have complained if I put them through what I just did with you.”
​She feigned outrage. “Wait, I was allowed to say no!?” She met his eyes with a straight face, and then both of them burst into laughter. She plucked at her clothes, saying cheerfully, “You owe me new clothes. Camille is going to have a fit if she sees that I’ve already torn up one of the outfits she got me.” She’d only nicked his arm, so his clothes were fine.
​He laughed, saying innocently, “What, I thought all the young girls were trying to show more skin these days?” She punched him softly in the arm.
​“What do you take me for, some tramp?” They laughed and stood up, where he offered her his arm.
​“Well, little tramp, shall we go get food?” She grumbled and nodded. It was kinda nice that he wasn’t as freaked out about her skin as some of the other people had been, like Raphael. Granted, it didn’t hurt that he was more than twice her age and more interested in raising her up to be a knife prodigy.
​“You’re paying for it.”
​He laughed. “You don’t pay for food here.” She grumbled again as they began walking towards a large building she’d been told was the cafeteria. With five floors, it had a pretty strict hierarchy. As a first year, she was supposed to go the fifth floor for her food. The only exception was that once a week, each student could invite someone from a lower grade to eat on their floor, and the food got better the closer you were to the ground. The first floor obviously belonged to the professors.
​Grinning as he led her to the counter to place their order on the first floor, she said happily, “At least I’ll get the good food with you! It’s worth being cut up for that.” He laughed. The rule was almost the same for the professors, but they could bring one student a day to their level. The small blades training grounds were fairly close to the cafeteria, so they were some of the earlier ones there.
​“So, what’re the best options?” She was studying the menu—they had a real menu! Well, sort of. It was more like those fast food restaurants that had boards behind the counter that listed what was available, but close enough. Since everyone here could read, it made more sense that this was where something like that would show up.
​Brady looked thoughtful before shrugging. “Everything on this floor is good. It won’t be the case with the other floors, but here you can’t really go wrong unless there’s something you dislike.” Jade nodded and he looked at the counter lady. “Estelle, I’ll have the steak, medium rare, baked potato, and cooked veggies.”
​“Very well, Viscount. We’ll have that right out for you. And what will you have, miss?”
​Jade grinned, still looking at the menu before she finally decided. “Alright. I’ll have the steak medium rare as well, and then the battered chicken, the ribs, the chicken salad, and the sausage chili. For sides, I’ll take a baked potato, the cooked veggies, the fresh fruit, mushroom soup, three rolls, and the meat pie.” She looked at the menu, then thought for a moment. “Oh right, and two glasses of juice, one of milk, and two of water.”
​Estelle raised her blond eyebrows at her. “Are you trying to feed an army?”
​Jade laughed and shook her head. “Army of one, at your service! No, honestly it’s all for me. I did a bunch of healing this morning and I’m going into four hours of magic classes, so I promise I’ll eat it all.” Both Estelle and Brady looked dubious, but finally Estelle nodded when Brady gave her a shrug with the ‘just do it’ look.
​“Alright. We’ll get that out to you, miss…?”
​“Jade. It’s lovely to meet you, Estelle. You’ll probably be seeing a lot of me.”
​Estelle laughed. “You’ve got guts, that’s for sure. What makes you think the professors will use their passes on you?”
​Jade shrugged and spoke honestly, “I’m in fourteen magic classes and I’m a traveler. Brady and Carter are both basically giving me private lessons. I’m good friends with Camille and Will, and I’m pretty sure they get to eat on this floor too. Between all of them, I’m pretty sure I can coerce someone to get me meals on this floor. I’m too much of a foodie to want to eat on the fifth floor.”
​Estelle was staring at her with astounded light green eyes. Finally, she laughed and shook her head. “I stand corrected. We’ll have your food right out, Lady Jade.”
​“Just Jade is fine. Thank you, Estelle. It was lovely to meet you.” Jade grinned and Brady dragged her away to an empty table as he raised his brow at her.
​“Really, fourteen magic classes? Which professor did you snub by not taking their class?”
​Jade just stared at him. “I’m taking all of them, what do you mean?”
​He laughed. “There are fifteen magic classes offered right now.”
​She blanched, then reached into her bag to yank out her schedule and show Brady. He looked over it, then winced. “You’re missing Nature with Viscountess Delaney. Good luck with that one. She’s going to be…unhappy, to say the least, that you’re taking every magic class but hers.”
​She laid her head on the table, groaning softly. “I forgot that it didn’t fit! I was thinking I had them all covered! I even met her! What am I supposed to dooooooo?”
​“What’s the problem?” A new voice came from behind her, and suddenly it was no longer just her and Brady at the table as Eric and Stephen both sat down. Stephen looked concerned at the fact that she was gently banging her head on the table.
​Pointing at Eric, she wrinkled her nose as she accused him teasingly, “This is partly your fault! Why didn’t we remember I’d missed a magic class!?”
​Understanding dawned on them, and Stephen pulled her class schedule over from Brady, looking over it. He shook his head once he realized who’d been left out. “Delaney is going to be mad.”
​Eric winced. “We didn’t put in Delaney’s class?” Jade nodded and he sighed. “We can… I have no idea what to do. Count Edmund is expecting you in his geography class, too.”
​Jade winced. “We have to fix this somehow!” She pulled her schedule back, looking at it. “Oh, what if… She’s here on Tuesdays, and I have Tuesday mornings free. What if we asked her to tutor me before lunch?” She was a little loathe to give up the little bit of free time she’d managed to grab for herself, but she wanted to learn nature magic. It would also depend on if Delaney was willing to come early for her.
​Eric sighed, running a hand through his hair. “I’ll ask. If she realizes that’s the only way to have you as a student, she might agree. At least the fact that you want to take lessons should mollify her…” He looked a little stressed out at the prospect. Jade tried to smile reassuringly at him. She had the feeling he was going to get an earful about signing her up for every other magic class and missing Delaney’s.
​After all, Hell hath no wrath like a woman scorned…
Chapter Five – Spymaster
Their food arrived shortly after, with Estelle coming out with another younger woman to drop off the very full trays. Even Eric and Stephen looked surprised at the sheer amount of food in front of Jade, and Eric asked tentatively, “Did the amount you need to eat go up?”
​Jade already had a mouthful of food at that point, so she had to quickly chew and swallow the delicious goodness before she responded, “I pretty much convert food into magic. Did a lot of healing this morning and lost a bit of blood too.” It was only now that the two of them seemed to take into account the fact that her clothes had a bunch of gashes on them.
​Looking sternly at Brady, Stephen asked pointedly, “Why didn’t you start with wooden blades? Was cutting her up really necessary?” His voice held just a tinge of menace and warning, and she smiled brightly at him. It was nice that he was so concerned, although it wasn’t necessary in this case.
​Brady grinned and shrugged. “She’s a healer and she’ll learn faster with real consequences. She already made vast improvements, and now she won’t freeze up if someone comes at her with a blade. She already knows what it’s like to be cut, albeit shallowly. That’s not something you get with wooden blades.”
​Jade was just happily munching because it was true. Had someone come at her with a knife, she’d probably have frozen up. She hadn’t even tried to dodge the mesmer when it came at her, though that might have been because of the hypnosis, which she’d had to fight extremely hard to just do a few things. The more non-lethal combat experience she got, the better off she would be. She’d probably need to find a skimpier training outfit so she didn’t tear up all of her clothes. If she kept using the same ones, they’d end up as rags.
​Stephen seemed to look at her to check if she was okay with that, and when she didn’t raise any objections, he let it drop, only to pursue a new line of questioning. “Alright. So Jade, I hear something interesting happened at the gate yesterday.” He looked at her with a raised brow, as if he wanted her to confess.
​She raised her brow right back at him, then replied sweetly, “Sure. I guess finding a doppelganger can be counted as interesting.” Since he hadn’t specified, she’d go with that rather than her trapping Christopher behind a wind wall. She was quickly scarfing her food at this point since she had a feeling of what he was trying to get at and it wasn’t a conversation she wanted to have in public.
​Thankfully, Eric and Brady looked surprised. It was obvious they weren’t as well informed as Stephen, which made sense to her, given that they weren’t spymasters. Brady, obviously flabbergasted, asked, “You went up against a doppelganger yesterday?”
​Jade laughed, shaking her head as she eyed the professors and students coming in. Most of the students were streaming past the doors to the upper floors, but a few of them entered with professors. She saw the royal trio of Will, Camille, and Victor coming in as well. Dismissively, she said, “No, of course not. I just identified it and then had the guards put a bunch of arrows in it.”
​Brady and Eric were looking thoughtful, though Eric looked more relieved that she hadn’t personally fought it. “How did you figure out what it was?” Now that he knew she hadn’t been in immediate danger, he was curious.
​She smiled. “I’ve got mana sense now. The mana around it was very different, almost shimmering with changing colors. It made me suspicious, and then when I touched it, I could feel it wasn’t quite human. After that, we just played Sherlock until we figured it out.”
​“Sherlock?” Oh right, she needed to not use names from her other world.
​“Ah, he’s the greatest literary detective of my old world.” She smiled and cleaned off her second plate.
​“What’s a detective?” She almost choked when Stephen asked this question. Sure, she understood them not getting a Sherlock reference, but…to not even know what a detective was? That was just sad.
​With a sigh, she explained, “A detective is someone who uses clues at a crime scene to solve the crime. So if there was a murder or someone went missing, they’d ask questions and stuff about when people last saw them, like if anyone heard anything unusual, if they were acting suspiciously, if anyone shady was nearby recently, stuff like that. They look at things like, is there some activity left half done that wouldn’t normally be there? Like food that is in the oven or left on a counter uneaten. Things like how blood splattered across the room to tell what kind of violence or weapon were used, examining the body and position to tell if it was an accident or murder, or where they were stabbed is used to determine how tall the person might have been in relation because of where they were stabbed and the angle it went in. Also stuff like if there was any hairs that shouldn’t be there at the crime scene because that can narrow things down too. Things like that.”
​Ah, she missed her crime shows. Nurse Taylor had been obsessed with them; Jade hadn’t been that interested, but she’d ended up picking up a lot more than she thought, clearly out of boredom. All three of them looked fascinated by her explanation.
​Brady was the first to talk. “I suppose, depending on how deep the wounds were, that would be a good indicator of strength as well, and you’re right, with the angle of wounds, you could tell more or less what weapons were used.” Jade nodded, eating happily after her explanation. She didn’t want her food to get cold!
​Stephen was still pondering as he muttered, “We question people, but I don’t think we’ve ever looked for something like hair…” She grinned, glad he’d been successfully distracted. At least the concept wasn’t new, even if the word was.
​In the meantime, Victor, Camille, and Will had placed their orders and plopped down at the table beside them. Brady looked a little surprised at the royal company until Camille asked brightly, “How’d your weapons practice go?”
​Jade turned and half hugged the girl beside her. “It went great, but did you have to buy the whole armory?” The two of them laughed while everyone but Brady looked confused.
​“Well duh. You needed to be fully outfitted! Aside from that, what’s with your outfit? Did you decide you didn’t like it after all?” Camille was plucking at her clothes, and Victor coughed cutely and looked away at the fact that her bare skin was being exposed. It looked like she might need to change…
​Jade shrugged and smiled. “I thought I’d create a new fashion statement, that’s all.” She wasn’t going to throw Brady under the bus again just yet. He still had lots to teach her! Still, Camille gave Brady the stink eye all the same. Why ask if she knew the answer? Jade reached up, pushing Camille’s head gently so she couldn’t see Brady anymore and redirecting her attention to the food in front of her that Estelle had just put down with a bow. Apparently, being royal got you fast service. “Stop glaring and eat the good food.” Will choked on his food, obviously not able to eat and laugh at the same time, and Victor took the chance to pound him soundly on the back, as all brothers were wont to do.
​Camille shook her head ruefully at their antics, then said to Jade, “Still, you should probably change. Do you have any spare clothes here?”
​Jade shook her head. “Nope, I didn’t realize I would need any. They’re all back at The Green Dragon.” Camille looked thoughtful, then nodded.
​“Alright. It’s probably fine for today, but bring spares in the future.”
​“Will do.” She winked at Will as she said that, causing him to choke and turn red again, and everyone else at the table burst into laughter. With the blond angels clumped at their table, no one else dared to join them, despite their rank and influence as professors. Their meal was thus nice and peaceful, and small talk was made about everyone’s classes that morning until the food was gone.
​Jade sat back, rubbing her belly happily, but glad that her body wasn’t overwhelming her with the need to burp. The whole table was still staring at her in awe as Brady said, “I didn’t think you’d actually be able to finish it all…”
​She laughed. “Oh ye of little faith. I haven’t wasted any food since I came to this world.”
​Eric laughed too, saying admiringly, “I’m going to agree with what Raphael told me on this one; I think she’s got a black hole in there. How else does it all fit at once?”
​Jade leaned forward conspiratorially, then said quietly, “Very, very carefully.” Everyone laughed, and she shrugged. “I have no idea either. I just eat until my body says enough. I probably have something magical where it leeches the energy from the food faster. That’s my only explanation. My stomach is certainly not big enough to have fit the five plates I just ate.” Seriously, she felt full, but it wasn’t uncomfortable. The only explanation was magic. Science was stumped at this point.
​Looking at the royals, she asked curiously, “So, are you guys sticking around for afternoon classes?”
​Victor answered easily, “Will’s got history after this, and then Camille and I come back for stonecrafting at three. We’re also all doing the business class at eight. But we’ll all be here the whole time because Dad’s arranged for tutors when we aren’t in the actual classes.” Jade nodded, pondering the information. It made sense that the royal family would be pretty strict on their education. They were expected to be the best, after all.
​“Well, at least I’ll see you all tonight in business then! And probably for dinner too, now that I think about it.” She glanced at Eric and Stephen, grinning like a cheshire cat as she wheedled, “So, which of you is going to get me in here at dinner? I don’t want the bad food on fifth.”
​Everyone laughed, and Victor was the one who interjected instead of Eric or Stephen like she’d expected. “It hasn’t been used in a while, so everyone probably forgot. As a traveler, you can eat here as you like. I’ll remind the staff so you don’t need an escort.”
​“Oh, well that makes things easier! Is it open between meals?” Her eyes were shining as she thought of sneaking in here if she ever had a break.
​Will laughed and shook his head. “Not really. They might have a few things, but they’re mostly prepping before the set times.”
​Jade sighed. Too good to be true, though there was still some hope that they’d sneak her something. “Alright, I suppose I understand.” Glancing down, she took out her pocket watch to look at the time. There were still about twenty minutes before she needed to be in her fire class, but…
​“Anyone else going to Magnus? I think I’m going to head off and grab my cloak from my workroom so I’m a bit more covered for the rest of my classes.” Camille nodded approvingly, but it turned out that only Stephen was going that way.
​“I’ll escort you. I’ve got to grab something from my office.” He was smiling charmingly, and Jade grinned back, fully aware it was a bunch of bull. He just wanted to talk to her privately. Bidding the others farewell and laughing when Will and Victor both tried to avoid looking at her bared skin through the slits, she left arm in arm with Stephen.
​They had made it outside the building and were walking through the sunshine, her sunglasses firmly fixed on her face again as he asked in a softly compelling voice, “So, do you want to tell me why you trapped Christopher at the gate? And how you did it?”
​She turned her head to look at him, studying his profile for a moment before she answered finally, “I get that you want to keep me safe, but I can take care of myself, even more so after today. I don’t like being followed and my every movement tracked. I realize that as a royal spymaster, that’s your job. I get it, and I don’t blame you, but it doesn’t mean I like it. My every breath was monitored in my old world, and I’m a little tired of it.”
​She paused, then went on in a solemn voice, “I want to be able to trust you. You’re my friend, and I know you care. But I don’t want to be your job. I get that as a traveler, there’re a lot of expectations that come with the privileges I’ve received. I explored the church and heard the story. It scared me a bit.” She paused, trying to find the right words. “I just…want to be friends. I don’t want you reporting on my every move to the king, but if I can’t have that, then I’m going to continue carving time out for myself. I’ll evade your trackers and go exploring on my own, just for the freedom of not being watched.”
​She sighed and realized his arm had tensed beneath her fingertips. He asked in a slightly clipped tone, “Who told you I was a spymaster?”
​She laughed ruefully, shaking her head. “No one had to tell me. You may have been watching me, but I’ve been watching you too. Do you really think I’m so unobservant that I wouldn’t notice the many people reporting to you or how well informed you always are? Sure, I’ve shared some of my secrets with you, but you’ve shared some as well, intentionally or not.”
​Looking up at the bright blue sky above them, she smiled as she said softly, “This is my home now. I’m doing my best to figure out my place, but that involves figuring out where everyone else fits too. So please, trust me and call off the guard dogs. I need the freedom or I might go crazy with paranoia, always looking over my shoulder for someone following me.”
​Stephen looked thoughtful, then sighed. “I’ll try, but I’m going to have to run it by others.”
​She nodded in understanding. “I figured. There’s always someone higher on the ladder until you reach the king, and even then sometimes there’s more.” She smiled and leaned on his shoulder as she finished, “But thank you for trying. That’s all I ask for. Try to give me a chance.”
​When all was said and done, chance, fate, or whatever else you called it, only helped those who helped themselves.
Chapter Six – Fire
The rest of the walk to Magnus was spent in small talk and companionable silence. He dropped her off at her workshop, where Jade could see several curious students queuing down the hall look over curiously. She quickly slipped into her safe space, breathing a sigh of relief. Putting her sunglasses on a shelf, she stowed the rest of her battlegear, leaving her chosen knives in place. She’d have to get used to wearing them from now on. It was funny, but she never thought that weaponry would be her main accessories of choice.
​Walking over to her sitting corner, she grabbed the cool cloak Camille had left there after the shopping spree. Sadly, it was the only item of clothing that had stayed at the academy. Slipping it over her shoulders, she figured that it at least covered the obvious cuts on her shirt, and she could just drape it across her lap when she was sitting. Standing up, it encompassed her figure completely, so no one could tell what the condition of her clothing was or how many weapons she was carrying. Not that being armed was a surprising thing or something she had to hide, but still.
​Now feeling prepared to go to her beginner fire class, she sang softly, “Now I see fire, inside the classroom. I see fire, burning for free. And I hope that you’ll educate me…” In her head, she didn’t sing the original version, but had a bunch of acapella voices going on in the background. She’d loved Peter’s version even as she changed it for her circumstances. It made her sad that she couldn’t watch his videos on YouTube anymore; there was so much amazing music that she wished she could bring to life again, but she already felt like she was starting to forget some of it…
​Shaking her head, she left her workshop, carefully locking it behind her as she turned left and headed for the small group of milling students. It was just around the corner of the building, labelled clearly as 2F. She almost laughed at how appropriate having Fire in the F classroom was. Still, she was surprised by how large of a group it was, comparatively. She counted fourteen students including herself. Sadly, she didn’t recognize a single one of them.
​They were already divided into little groups, so instead of trying to join in, she just hovered at the side a little awkwardly with a small smile, trying to look friendly. Some of them were sneaking glances at her, but they held barely contained sneers as they took in her cloak. She heard one whisper that wasn’t really a whisper, “Does she think she’s trying to make a fashion statement? Who wears a cloak to a fire class?”
​Now that she looked, they were all wearing clothes that were as light as they could make them. She pinpointed the non-whispering voice as a boy who looked like he could be Will’s cousin. He had the same shiny platinum hair and bright cornflower blue eyes, along with the customary fit build and sword at his waist. His clothes, while light, were also fancier than the other students’. His shiny white teeth flashed with his mocking smirk, as if he were a dog baring them at an intruder. Considering that fully eight of the clumped students were orbiting around him and fawning, she felt pretty secure in assuming he was probably royal.
​He looked like he was about to say something else disparaging when the door opened and there stood Baronet Tristan. Jade smiled at him, remembering that he’d said he was the assistant for this class. He didn’t immediately spot her however, as his gaze was drawn to the royal jerk. “You’re all welcome to come in now.” Jerkface nodded imperiously to him, stalking past everyone else to be the first into the room and claim whatever he considered to be the best seats. She didn’t care. Let him have his petty pride.
​His posse followed closely behind him, then the other groups made their way in with Jade bringing up the rear. When she reached him, Tristan smiled at her. “All settled in?”
​She nodded cheerfully. “Yes, thanks to your help. How’ve you been?”
​He grinned, and she couldn’t help but admire his dreds. He was one of the few people she’d seen who had a truly different hairstyle. “I’ve been good. Nothing too exciting usually happens on campus.” She nodded and walked into the room, glancing around to find an empty seat. There was only one, but she was a bit wary of it, given that royal jerk had the seat right behind her. She thought she’d just avoid him, or that all the seats around him would be filled with his minions. Apparently he’d decided to try and torment her from behind. Well, he could try.
​Walking over to the seat, she smiled innocently at him, which seemed to confound him for a moment before she took her seat. Silently, she created a wind wall on three sides, leaving only the front to the professor open. It wouldn’t be obvious unless someone tried something. Satisfied that she was protected, she carefully arranged her cloak to make sure she was covered, then looked at the front of the room where Count Rachtin sat observing the class.
​Stephen had introduced her to the quiet professor, and she had wondered that he looked so little like a match for his element. With weathered olive skin, dark brown almond shaped eyes, and black hair combed neatly to one side, he reminded her of one of the Hindu doctors she’d met. Once they were all settled, he began while Tristan started walking around the room with piles of wood in his hand. It was then that she noticed these desks were made out of pure metal…probably a smart idea to not have flammable desks in the fire classroom. She honestly wasn’t sure metal was the best idea, either. She’d have chosen stone. Maybe it was to teach them control over heat?
​“Good afternoon, class. As you can see, Tristan is passing out wood. Before we begin, I’d like to assess your proficiency with fire magic so I know where to start. Please light your pile of wood on fire and keep it burning for as long as possible.” Thankfully, the easiest way to get to her desk was from the front, so she didn’t have to move her wind walls for Tristan. She smiled and thanked him as he passed her the wood, glancing around.
​Several of the students were staring at the wood, utterly stumped as to how to light it on fire. One student had smoke coming from his wood, but no actual flame. Unsurprisingly, royal jerk and several of his cronies had lit their wood on fire and were watching everyone else struggle with smug looks.
​Leaning forward, the jerk whispered not so quietly, “What, too scared to even try?”
​Jade laughed softly, smiling at him. “I’ve never lit anything on fire before, but how hard can it be if you can do it?” Her tone was completely innocent, in stark contrast to her biting words. He was glaring in outrage at her as she turned her back on him. Looking at the pile of wood on her desk, she concentrated.
​Fire was just another form of energy. She could feel the warmth of her magic spreading into her fingers as she contemplated what she wanted to do. Something about what the professor had said had caught her attention. Try to keep it going for as long as possible. The point then wasn’t to light the wood on fire; it was to create a fire without burning it. Holding her palm out, she imagined a small fireball there, willing it to coalesce.
​After a moment, a little flame flickered into existence, slowly growing stronger as she got the feel for it. Concentrating on the wood, she imagined it coating the wood without burning it. Like the light, she wanted to attach it. Still, she left about half the wood uncoated, since she wanted to be able to pick it up as necessary. Satisfied when the top of the wood was coated in flame but the wood wasn’t turning to charcoal, she grinned and started to play with it.
​She’d always heard the saying, ‘I saw images in the flames,’ so she decided that’s what she wanted. Picturing an apple tree, she had the flames grow up in a 3D image of it, though the branches were more uniform than she wanted, so she started mangling them. While she left the trunk as red flame, she decided the leaves would be blue and green, with the apples being white hot. Totally absorbed in playing with the fire, she was oblivious to the rest of the room.
​It was the jerk’s mutter that brought her back to reality, “Show off, tramp.” She looked back just in time to meet his eyes as they got an evil glow and he leaned forward, seemingly curious as he said, “Wow, what did you…oh!” He ‘accidentally’ shoved his wood right at her in his attempt to see her creation. For a second, self satisfied glee took over his expression when the wood went flying straight for her, but his expression quickly turned to panic.
​His wood struck her wind barrier which rebounded the force directly back at him…and the wind had also enhanced the flames. Evidently, fanning the fire was easy to do. Still, the fact that a fireball basically got sent back at him had the entire class panicking as he screamed. His fancy clothes were on fire and his right arm was pretty crisped from where he’d blocked his face. His hair was also on fire. “Put it out! Put it OUT!” His yells dominated the otherwise silent with shock room.
​Rachtin reacted quickly, calling the fire from his body and holding it in his hand for a moment before he extinguished it. He obviously hadn’t been watching what went down because he asked inquisitively, “How exactly did you lose control of your flame?”
​“I need a healer now! Someone call the healer!” He was screeching in futility, completely ignoring the count’s question.
​With a sigh, Rachtin looked at Jade and asked, “Would you heal him so we can figure out what happened?”
​Jade smiled at him, then shrugged, “I’m sorry, but no. What happened was he tried to light me on fire, but I had a wind barrier around me in case of something like this. His fire rebounded off of my barrier and the wind fueled it a bit, so that’s why he got lit up so much. So no, I won’t heal him because he got injured trying to do me harm. He can wait for a healer to come, as he no doubt thought that I would have to.”
​The rest of the class was listening intently to their conversation, and jerkface blanched at having her sum up the situation so cleanly. Still, his rage took over. “You’re a healer? Then by the heavens, heal me! Do you know who I am?”
​She tilted her head, looking at him with consideration. “No, I don’t, but it’s not like I care who you are.”
​He raged even more at her while everyone around her was looking nervous. “I’m the nephew of the king! I’ll have your head for this!”
​Jade smiled serenely at him. “Oh, is that so?” Glancing around at the horrified looks on everyone’s faces, she felt like his threat might have been carried out in the past. “Well, then I suppose I should tell you that I’m a traveler, and I won’t put up with your crap. You can ask the king to kill me if you want, but I think he’ll have his own thoughts on the matter.”
​“You wench, I’ll kill you myself!” Roaring in anger, he pulled his sword out and tried to stab her while she just watched him with a wry look on her face. It was rather amusing to watch him hack and slash at her wind barriers, which she’d now encircled herself with, just to be sure. Everyone else had retreated to the sides of the room during his mad rampage, save Rachtin, who stood behind her, frowning.
​Jade took a seat on top of her desk and began picking at the nonexistent dirt beneath her nails as she spoke boldly, “You can throw yourself at me all you want, you’re not going to get past my barrier. It’s an effort of futility. Besides, the longer you wait to see a healer, the more likely it is that you’re going to lose your nerve endings and be permanently scarred. You’re only making it worse with your rash movements.”
​He just continued to roar, though what he was trying to say was incoherent now. He looked like an ugly raging bull with his burned appearance. It went on for a full two minutes before she finally decided she was bored and wasting valuable time. Checking her pocket watch, she snapped it closed and turned to look at Rachtin. “Enough is enough. Are you going to stop the psychopath or should I?”
​Rachtin sighed, looking at him. “I’d rather not go near him right now.” Jade nodded, thoughtful. He was swinging pretty wildly, so behind her or far away were the only truly safe spots at the moment.
​Looking back at jerkface, she mentally grabbed the air around him, freezing it so that he could no longer move. He struggled ineffectually against the barrier, and she decided she quite liked wind. Pondering on whether or not she should just hit him upside the head, he started cursing more coherently at her again, since he could no longer swing his sword.
​Annoyed, she growled, “That’s it! SHUT UP!” She pulled the wind from his lungs. She’d just take away his air until he passed out. He was going red and purple with rage and lack of oxygen, until finally, his eyes rolled up and his body went limp. She let the air flow back into his lungs. She wasn’t keen to kill him, after all, even if he was a git.
​With a sigh, she moved two desks together with her wind, then placed his inert form on top. Reaching out, she healed his burns and left him unconscious. She was tempted to leave hideous scars, then sighed again and did it properly. She glared at his cronies as she said menacingly, “This is my warning. I’ll let it pass this once because he’s an idiot who doesn’t know when to stop. I would suggest the rest of you learn to discourage him from such behaviors in the future because this? This had better not happen ever again.” The last words were said slowly, punctuating each for emphasis.
​Looking at Rachtin, she inquired, “Do you know where I can find Victor or Camille? They should be in private tutoring at the moment, and it seems like I need to have a word with them.”
​Rachtin shook his head. “I’m sorry, but that’s not something anyone but the tutors would know.” She nodded, as that made sense. Looking at jerkface, who a quick check of her notifications told her was named Brodie, she shook her head. Of course he was named Brodie. It was a typical villain name. Still, Rachtin was staring at him with something akin to remorse. “Sorry about Brodie. He’s been…difficult since Tevin was taken by the mesmer.”
​And then it clicked. His dad was the Uncle Tevin that Jackson had been telling her about when he explained why the royal family got sequestered when a mesmer came over the wall. She nodded, then conceded, “Still. I think it’s best I find another class to go to next week. I’ll be in touch.”
​Rachtin nodded regretfully. “When will he wake up?”
​Jade smiled. “Probably in about five minutes. I just wanted him out long enough for me to leave.”
​Rachtin nodded in understanding, then glared at the rest of the students. “This isn’t to spread beyond this classroom unless you’re being interviewed by someone from the royal family or someone they’ve sent. Do you understand?”
​A chorus of “Yes, sir,” rang out from their lips, and Jade wiggled her fingers at them and grabbed her fire tree as she nodded respectfully to Rachtin and Tristan, who still looked concerned.
​Tristan held the door open for her as she left, whispering a soft, “Sorry about all that.” She smiled and shook her head.
​“Not your fault. Have a good day, Tristan.” She then walked out, quickly disappearing around the corner and heading towards her workshop.
​She had a lot to think about. Still, she couldn’t help but sing softly with a wry grin, “Light him up, up, up. He’ll taste fiyaaaaaaaaaaaah.”
Chapter Seven – Neighbors
To Jade’s surprise, when she rounded the corner, the hallway wasn’t as empty as she had anticipated. At the far end of the hall in front of her workshop door were a few people hovering anxiously, as if they could will her to appear. Tucking her burning branch behind her back, she approached them quietly, scaring a few of them enough to make them jump when she asked innocently, “Whatcha doooin?”
​It was pretty much a rhetorical question because she could see why they were there. The boy on the makeshift stretcher in front of her was covered in what looked like a torn up blanket that was slowly becoming a dark reddish-brown and the smell of iron assaulted her nose. One of them asked quickly, “Are you Jade?”
​She nodded, walking past them to unlock her door and hold it open. “Bring him in, gently. He obviously doesn’t need to lose any more blood.” They scrambled to oblige, gingerly but quickly pulling the makeshift stretcher up and carrying him into the room, moving him to the table she pointed at as she brushed against them with the barest fingertip as they passed in order to grab her new dots. As soon as they’d entered, she followed them to a table, setting her fire tree on the next nearest table and putting a gentle hand on his arm as his injuries flooded into her mind’s view.
​She frowned at the sheer magnitude of his injuries. Gesturing to the ‘bandages’ they’d shoved on him, she ordered, “Gently get rid of anything covering the wounds. I’ve stopped the blood flow, but I don’t want to heal any threads into his injury or use more blood to clean it out if I don’t have to.” She frowned again as she muttered, “And then you get to tell me how he got mauled by a giant animal so badly while at Dracona.”
​Seriously, where did this happen? She wanted to stay waaaaaay clear of wherever it was. Still, she didn’t have much brainpower to devote to the problem, given that she was trying to keep this dude alive. He’d lost way too much blood. The other two had finally finished pulling away all the bandages and clothes covering his wounds by the time she’d identified all of the wounds and what she needed to do.
​Concentrating, she pulled out as little blood as she could in order to get rid of the contaminants that were obviously on the claws of the creature. After that, she quickly knit together muscle and bone. The kid was a mess. It was a full ten minutes later before she finally sat back, perspiration beading on her forehead. She glanced around, only to notice that the table looked like a massacre had happened, what with all the blood and bloody rags sitting there.
​Unable to stomach the view, she silently called to the blood, and one of the boys cursed as it started to move, wriggling through the air until it formed a globe above her hand. She grimaced, seeing how much blood he’d actually spilled. It was likely that this wasn’t everything either. The poor sap was at least completely out the whole time, so he didn’t have to deal with the pain of her healing him. She put it on the table a little ways away from her fire tree. As a globe, it looked less grotesque than when it was splattered everywhere, though the others seemed a little unnerved by her actions.
​“Is Walter okay?” Guy number one was looking warily between her, the blood, and the body…er, boy, on the table. With her little blue dot confirming that the body’s name was indeed Walter, she nodded.
​“Yes, he’ll be fine, just a little weak for a few days until the regeneration I set in place completes. He didn’t have enough nutrients for me to work with to do more than set it in motion, so he’s going to feel sick and need to eat a lot.” She could have talked about his red blood cells or the hemoglobin in them, but they wouldn’t understand, so why bother?
​Guy number two nodded, and she finally got a good chance to study the three of them. Guy one looked older; he was probably one of the assistant professors like Tristan. His hair was a nice sandy brown and was pulled back into a low ponytail to try and control the light waves she saw. It was Fabio hair pulled back, even if his body didn’t quite match. He was fit, but didn’t have the romance novel vibe. His hazel eyes were still worried. Guy two looked to be an older student, and it was almost as if he was mimicking his idol, the way his dark brown hair was also grown out and pulled back. His slimmer features almost gave him an evil villain vibe if it wasn’t for his panicked baby blue gaze.
​Good ol’ body Walter was the only one who didn’t have long hair, and he looked much less fit than the others. He was probably a second year, but maybe it was just that he looked innocent and younger in his passed out state. Looking between the three of them, she asked firmly, “Now, can you please tell me who you are and how on earth this boy got mauled?”
​Guy one winced, then said a little guiltily, “Ah, right. Sorry. I’m Baronet Randall Rosen, this is Lord Sean Macmannon, and the guy on the table is Walter Licnus.” He looked hesitant to tell her how he’d gotten injured, but Jade just stared him down with an eyebrow raised. He let out a breath and explained, “He was trying to bond an iompro in the contractual magic class. We thought he had it, but the next thing we knew, it went berserk and started attacking him. He was suffering backlash from the failed bond, so he didn’t block anything. It took a bit before we could uh…dispose of the beast.”
​She stared at him as if trying to ascertain that what he was telling her was the truth. Why on earth would anyone try to form a contract with something like a bear!? At least, that’s what the claw marks had reminded her of, and wait…wasn’t contractual magic her next class? Looking at the kid in front of her, she was no longer quite so keen to go to it anymore. First, fire turned out to be a mess, and now she wasn’t sure she wanted to go to contractual… This wasn’t a great omen for her future magic classes.
​Realizing she’d overlooked an important piece of information, she zeroed back in on Randall as she asked, “Wait, you said he was suffering backlash from a failed contract? Explain, please.”
​Looking confused, Randall answered, “Yes, the backlash from any failed spell is usually pretty mentally debilitating. Some magics are more volatile, of course. Fire and lightning generally explode in your face, contractual magic causes the targets to become hostile to you, and I’m not sure on what happens with the rest.” She nodded thoughtfully, trying to process that new information. It was best she avoid this backlash, but that would require her to know her limits. She was working on it, but it was tricky when you couldn’t measure anything but how it felt, which was totally biased. No respectable scientific journal would ever publish such a study.
​Looking down at Walter, she spoke absently, “He’s going to be out for another few hours, but he can’t stay in my workroom.” She was a little protective of it.
​Randall looked conflicted, and Sean was bouncing on his feet in anxiety. “You’re not going to stay with him until he wakes up?” Sean’s voice was plaintive.
​She sighed, relenting. “Fine, he’s not staying here, but we can bring him with us back to the contractual magic classroom so I can keep an eye on him.” They both looked confused, and she explained slowly, “My next class is beginner contractual magic.” Speaking of, she quickly clicked on her choices, wanting at least a little head start on the whole thing.
Siphoning complete. Assimilation of Magic and Contractual Magic from Walter Licnus underway.
Siphoning complete. Assimilation of Magic and Contractual Magic from Randall Rosen underway.
Siphoning complete. Assimilation of Magic and Contractual Magic from Sean Macmannon underway.
She felt a slight tingle, but it was almost nothing compared to the pain of the past, which was a pleasant surprise. Smiling at the three of them, she explained, “I just need to grab a few things. Then we can head back and reassure everyone that he’s fine.” They nodded, seeming to just be grateful that she had agreed to stay with them. She walked over to her coldboxes, opening them and picking out enough food that would fit in her bag, stuffing it full. She chose to take a few bites, chewing quickly as she closed the boxes and walked back, nodding to them. “Sorry, just need to keep my energy up. Healing him wasn’t exactly easy.”
​“Of course. We understand,” Randall quickly replied, and she smiled at him, then motioned for him to grab Walter as she went and opened the door. Thinking about it, she realized that they were literally in the classroom next door. She wasn’t sure how she felt about having wild animals that could tear a person to shreds for neighbors. She waited until they brought Walter out, then closed and locked her workroom behind her. Walking to the room next door with her shadows, she opened the door only to catch the tail end of the professor speaking.
​“I’m sure he’s fine. There’s a new healer. We’ll know soon enough, so stop fidgeting! You’re making the creatures nervous.” At this point, he seemed to notice the students were staring at the door and, more particularly, at her. She smiled at him and he asked quizzically, “Can I help you?”
​She saluted him a little ironically, opening the door wider so that Randall and Sean could bring Walter in. “Just bringing my patient back.” As soon as Randall and Sean made it into the room, all of the students were rushing forward, and Jade automatically created a wind wall in front of them, causing several of them to crash into it unawares. They were pushed against it by those in back for a moment before people seemed to realize something was stopping them. Jade smiled innocently as she said authoritatively, “He’s fine, but I would prefer you didn’t all rush over. He’s not going to wake up for a few hours anyway, and I don’t want you bumping him around.”
​She dropped her wind wall, causing a few people to stumble forward a step. One of them asked her curiously, “How did you do that?”
​She smiled. “I’m getting very good with wind walls.”
​Walking over, the professor took her hand in his wrinkled ones, bending over and brushing his lips across them. “Thank you for your help, Lady Jade. I’m Count Eamonn Finn. Please, have a seat.” She glanced around only to notice two of the students she’d healed this morning scooting apart to make room for her. Unlike the fire classroom, this one had benches around two sides of the room, and the other two walls held…cages.
​Most of the animals looked like they were either subdued or sleeping, but a few watched her with creepy eyes. Most of them were smaller, though she noticed neither cats nor dogs. The wolf-looking beast was the closest thing to a dog, but it didn’t look quite right either. That was when she noticed the blood creating a nice large stain off to one side. Wincing, she gestured to it and asked, “Mind if I take care of that first?”
​Eamonn looked confused but intrigued as he nodded. “Go ahead.” She still gestured with her hand for all that she probably didn’t need to. For some reason, it made focusing easier for her. Calling the blood, it separated from the stone floor, leaving no trace behind as it became another globe above her hands.
​Looking around, she asked, “Is there somewhere I can put it?”
​Eamonn beamed at her, going to one of the few cupboards and pulling out a metal box. He opened it and held it out to her as she dropped the blood in. “Fascinating! A blood mage, too!” His crinkled face became even more wrinkled when he grinned, and she wondered absently how sane of mind he was. His white hair was poofed around his head like all the mad scientists in movies.
​Once she deposited the blood with him, she chose to quickly take a seat between the boy and girl who she’d healed, smiling at them. The girl leaned closer, whispering, “Hey, welcome, and thanks for this morning. You did a great job.”
​Jade smiled back at her and whispered, “You’re welcome. Does this whole mauling thing happen a lot?”
​The boy on the other side of her answered quietly, “No, not really. Most of us don’t try for something that can eat us. Walter was trying to show off.” Jade nodded, deep in contemplation. This put a new light on the unconscious body.
​Meanwhile, apparently satisfied that the blood was maintaining its globular shape, Eamonn put it away and turned back to the class with a giant wrinkly grin. “Well then! Now that that’s all taken care of, let’s go back to the beasts. As I was saying, one of the best ways to start a bond with the animals is to feed them. Take the ioguan,” here he gestured to a cage of creatures that bore a striking resemblance to iguanas, though as with everything else, something didn’t seem quite right, “they’ll eat almost anything,” he paused to pull out another cage from below, “but they prefer to eat fellacai when given the chance.”
​Jade stared in awe at the new cage. In it swirled hundreds of gorgeous butterflies, or something like them, seeming to be made up of all the colors of the rainbow. They practically glittered in the light like tiny gems. The professor kept talking, and she could only half bring herself to listen, entranced as she was. “The fellacai are crafty creatures. Their pollen has a multitude of effects, and they can be quite difficult to catch unless you know the tricks. It’s common…”
​She had tuned him out, a single thought going through her mind as she whispered, “Mine.”
Chapter Eight – Fellacai
The helpful girl next to her seemed a bit curious at her tiny mutter. She whispered softly, "Have you ever seen a fellacai before?" Jade shook her head almost imperceptibly, not wanting to take her attention off the cage of tiny beings. Seeming to take pity on her, the girl waited until Eamonn had briefly stopped lecturing to interject, "Professor Eamonn, Jade has never seen a fellacai before. Is there any way you can put the cage over here?"
At this point, Eamonn seemed to realize how entranced Jade was by the silly smile on her face as she stared at them. Nodding, he brought the cage over to them as he said, "Of course, thank you for bringing it to my attention, Delia." Jade absently noted her name, happy to finally put it together with one of her notifications from this morning without having to ask.
Tearing her gaze away from the shinies to look up at Eamonn, Jade asked with an innocent smile, "Can I hold the cage?"
Almost indulgently, he nodded, carefully maneuvering the cage so that it was stable on her lap. He then walked back across the room to continue lecturing, while her whole attention was on the cage she now held. She stared into it, entranced by the many sparklies. With a thought, she activated her mana sense, and each little not-a-butterfly began to glow softly, emitting a shining aura. A few of them, however, were different. Their glow was brighter and multicolored. Fascinated, she unlocked the latch of the cage and belatedly dismissed the hiss of breath from her nice neighbors. She stuck her hand in and murmured softly, “Come.” She mentally overlaid her words with a command to the not-butterflies she’d chosen and sent a silent command to the rest of them to stay put.
Without a struggle, five fellacai winged their way gracefully to land on her outstretched fingers, and she pulled them out of the cage. With her free hand, she absently closed it and began to set it on the ground in favor of bringing her chosen five up to eye level so she could study them more closely. She ignored the new dots in her vision as she smiled. She barely noticed that Delia and the boy next to her had both grabbed the cage and finished lowering it gently to the ground before warily watching her bring the fellacai up to her face.
The first one was a beautiful golden color and seemed to embody sunshine itself. The underlying tones of black only heightened the bright gilding. Its tiny face seemed to be looking at her proudly, as if proclaiming it was strong and to be admired. The second fellacai was dark as night, a beautiful velvety black with dark blue streaks. It held a quiet grace and sneakiness that she figured would help it blend into the abyss of night easily. The third was a mix of red, orange, and yellow, like the heart of a fire. It too preened and fluttered, as if discontent to ever be completely still. The fourth had various shades of green and brown, like a forest camouflage. It was slower than the others, more patient and enduring. The last one was hues of light purple mixed with silver, and it seemed to be the friendliest of them, patting her finger with its little paws. All of them sat on her hand, staring, or perhaps studying her as she did them.
She smiled at them and said quietly, “You’re mine now.” Reaching into her bag with her free hand, she brought out a metal flask that she knew was filled with a sweet apple juice. She unstoppered it and tipped it until a bit poured into her palm, then grabbed it with her knees and held that hand up to the fellacai as she whispered, “Let’s see if you like this. Go on, try it.” The fellacai seemed to exchange looks, then alighted on her other hand, drinking the juice quickly. Happy that they seemed to like it, she used her newly freed hand to carefully keep pouring more until they seemed satisfied and stopped drinking. They sat back on her palm and looked up at her again like adorable jeweled figurines.
“I’m Jade,” she whispered, smiling at them.
“Jade,” she heard the tiny voices echo in her mind, and she looked at them in awe, feeling the beginnings of a connection with them. Was it supposed to be this easy? She didn’t care either way because she was just happy they’d acknowledged her. Her bright grin was easy evidence of her joy.
However, her hand was getting a little tired from holding it out so they could drink, so she pictured her braid and them settling there, mentally telling them, “Perch there. You’ll be safe.” She smiled as they alighted from her hand, fluttered around her head for a moment, and then safely latched onto her braid like beautiful hair ornaments. Only when they were safely secured did she come back to reality, looking around and noticing the room was dead silent and that everyone was staring at her. “What?”
Delia asked in an awed voice, “Did you just…bond with five queen fellacai? At the same time?”
Oh, no wonder they were brighter. They were the queens. She smiled, thinking about the beautiful little creatures perched on her hair as she said simply, "I suppose I probably did. I like them."
Even Count Eamonn was staring at her in surprise. He coughed before trying to cover it up. "Well, as you see, sometimes it is…easier for certain people to bond with an animal they connect with. A large part of the bond is trust, since you're able to mentally communicate. That communication goes both ways, so a creature can sense if you intend it ill. When a true partnership is formed and you've become at least intermediate in your skills, you will be able to not only mentally communicate, but see and hear through the eyes of your bonded. With that said, they gain from you as well. The longer you're connected, the more intelligent a creature will become, among other things."
He glanced at Jade before he continued, "This is why we usually encourage students to try and bond with larger animals because they have increased brain capacity." Jade snorted silently. Her fellacai were perfect, and he wasn't going to convince her otherwise.
"Perfect." She smiled as she heard the tiny echo in her head because it seemed like the fellacai were picking up on her emotions. They might not have a very high starting point, but if their intelligence would grow from hers, she wasn't worried at all. They would be perfect as jewelry, messengers, scouts, spies… The possibilities were endless! They were going to be a hit.
Thoughtfully, she mentally asked them, "Do you have names?" It was a little strange talking to tiny butterflies in her hair that she couldn't currently see to assess their expressions.
"Names?" Their questioning tone was basically the answer she needed. She'd have to think about it carefully because she didn't want to give them bad names. So far they had mostly repeated the important words in what she said. Well, it didn't matter right now. They were sweet and beautiful, and they were hers. Curious, she clicked on the little dots that had appeared after they landed on her.
You have touched a fellacai, Siphon activated. Assessing stats and experience…
Choose a stat to siphon: Strength, Dexterity, Constitution, Intelligence, Magic, Charisma, or Luck.
Choose a skill to siphon: Flight, Light Magic, Magic Resistance, Pollen Spores, or Wind Magic.
She was surprised to find that all five of them had basically the same kit, the difference being that light magic was replaced by whatever other magic they seemed to most specialize in: Light, Dark, Fire, Nature, and Illusion magic. Somehow, she knew that these weren’t the only magic each of them possessed. If she had to guess, the pollen spores were turned magical, and then they used wind magic to spread it to their enemies. She would have to experiment with them later to see what they could do. Maybe she would find a willing victim who was okay getting pollen on them, as long as she healed them after.
Deciding that the little ones probably wouldn't mind too much or cause her too much backlash, she clicked on her choices mentally.
Siphoning complete. Assimilation of Magic and Flight from a fellacai underway.
Siphoning complete. Assimilation of Magic and Flight from a fellacai underway.
Siphoning complete. Assimilation of Magic and Magic Resistance from a fellacai underway.
Siphoning complete. Assimilation of Magic and Magic Resistance from a fellacai underway.
Siphoning complete. Assimilation of Magic and Magic Resistance from a fellacai underway.
She figured she'd see if she could learn flight, and magic resistance, in general, seemed like a super helpful thing. Lost in thought, she was surprised when everyone else started to get up around her. Delia smiled and commented, "Dominic and I are headed to the tailoring class. Are you staying here?" Dominic, that was his name! She felt a little bad she'd been sitting next to him this whole time and been too preoccupied to ask.
Jade smiled at Delia and shrugged, "Yes, this is the class I'm actually supposed to be in, and I mainly came early with the intention of watching over Walter."
The two of them nodded, and it was Dominic who added cheerfully, "Good luck then. We'll probably see you later." Jade nodded and smiled, bidding them farewell. When most people had left the room save Eamonn and Randall, who'd been sitting by and watching over Walter this whole time, she joined them to look over her patient. The fellacai had taken flight when she stood and were now exploring the room after she'd silently warned them, "Stay away from the other cages. I don't want you getting eaten accidentally." She'd gotten a mental shudder in reply, and she grinned and turned her attention fully to Walter. Touching his hand, she spread her magic through his system, double checking her work. Everything was in working order, but he was still sleeping. She decided to let him be.
"You might want to get him some food to eat when he wakes up, though it's still going to be at least an hour. He'll need lots of red meat, but leafy greens will help too."
Randall nodded. "I'll take him down to the kitchens when he wakes up. Thank you again."
Jade smiled and patted him on the shoulder. "It's no problem, really." She honestly didn't mind healing people. It was wonderful to be super useful and to be able to give something back to the community that had given her so much already. Plus, it wasn't like she wasn't siphoning them in return as well… Returning to her seat, she absently pulled some food out of her bag and began to munch on it. She still needed to replenish all of her energy as well! Plus, she was siphoning five fellacai along with Randall, Walter, and Sean. Hopefully those three hadn't noticed anything. Walter was obviously too out of it to notice, and Randall seemed pretty distracted too. Sean was the most likely to notice something amiss, but with his friend's life in the balance, she figured he was probably too worried to check his status until after the damage was done.
A few students began to trickle in, but this time she smiled because she'd at least seen most of them. It appeared that this beginner class was populated mostly by first years, who all stayed at The Green Dragon. All in all though, there were only four of them, with her bringing the total to five. Only one of them seemed like he might be a second year, mostly because she didn't recognize him. She quickly finished eating, wiping the crumbs off of her hands.
She smiled when the girl walked over to her. She was one of the first people she'd seen in the common room when she first arrived in this world. She was quite pretty with dark brown hair cut in a fashionable bob and dark brown eyes. She had chubby cheeks, but they didn't detract from her cheerful appearance in the slightest. She took a seat by Jade, smiling as introduced herself, "Hi. I haven't had the chance to say anything before, but I've seen you around a bunch. I'm Chloe. It's nice to finally meet you."
Jade smiled back at the quiet, but still seemingly outgoing girl. "It's nice to meet you too, Chloe. I'm Jade."
Chloe grinned. "Oh, I know. It's kinda hard not to know who you are at The Green Dragon. You're becoming a bit of a legend there." Jade laughed softly, and the two other boys from The Green Dragon seemed drawn to the fact that they were girls, coming over and taking seats near them.
One of the guys seemed to have heard Chloe's remark because he turned his big baby blues on them and smiled. "It's true, you know, but you've got so many people hovering around you that the rest of us haven't had a chance to talk to you. I'm Ian, by the way." He was tugging absently on his ear and playing with his short brown hair as he spoke, and she figured it was a nervous habit, despite the fact that he was trying to appear confident.
"And I'm Mathis." Guy number two, or rather Mathis, seemed to be anxious not to be left out of their little group. He was a little on the chubbier side, one of the few people at Dracona she'd seen that didn't fit the ‘I work out. A lot.’ type. Granted, the majority of the people on the streets weren't as pretty as the students and teachers of Dracona. Something about the classes they took must affect their charisma or something. Either that or the nobles had figured out a way to cultivate pretty. She wouldn't be surprised. A lot of the commoners still looked fit, though. It was just the side effects of early weapon training and hard daily work, she supposed. Still, she absently wondered how long it would take him to become more defined.
She smiled and admitted, "Well, it's lovely to meet all of you. I'm a little surprised so many people have aptitude for contractual magic."
It was the second year student, who had obviously been listening in on their conversation, who responded. "Because contractual magic is so useful, almost anyone who has any tiny possibility of learning it will try. Most businesses like to have a contractual mage working with them, and it's also very useful in controlling some of the farms. A lot of us who have contractual magic will end up in one of those two jobs." Well, that was rather interesting.
Jade smiled at the boy, acknowledging his words, "Thank you for telling me that, …?" She paused at the end, leaving an obvious space for him to insert his name, which he kindly obliged.
"Frank." He ran a hand through his black hair, his hazel eyes looking at the ceiling as he continued on a dramatic sigh, "The only second year to stay in the beginner class, but there's no need to thank me, Eamonn would have told you soon enough." He laughed a little reproachfully. "Sadly, while they said I had an aptitude for contractual magic, it wasn't very strong."
Eamonn had walked over to their corner by this point, and he patted Frank on the shoulder. "But you didn't drop it, so that says something about your character. Don't worry, you'll catch up with the others soon enough."
Frank just smiled a little ruefully at Eamonn, then gestured to the ceiling, where Jade's fellacai queens were still flying around happily. It appeared they hadn't enjoyed being caged all that much. Go figure. "Did you tame the queens? I've never seen them so docile."
Eamonn smiled smugly as he looked up at the fellacai. "No, miss Jade here stuck her hand into the cage and came out bonded to the five of them somehow. It was quite fascinating to watch, since she obviously had no idea what she was doing and did it on instinct." Jade turned a bit red at this point. She hadn't realized everyone had started watching her as soon as she stuck her hand into the cage.
Oh well, there was no use crying over spilled milk. Blushing under the curious gazes of everyone, she shrugged. "They were pretty."
Chapter Nine – Bond
Everyone was staring at her blankly, and it was finally Frank who asked, "You…bonded with five queen fellacai…because they were pretty?"
Jade smiled and shrugged. "Is there a better reason?" Mentally, she called up to the five, "Come down for a moment?" She smiled when her request was met with the five beauties winging down to land on her outstretched hand. Now everyone was looking at them as she said proudly, "They're beautiful and perfect. If I was going to bond to anything, well, they seem like a good choice. Pretty, magical, creatures of grace. They just want to fly freely. Now tell me, what reasons do you think would be better to use?"
Everyone looked a bit speechless at this. It was Chloe who recovered first as she asked, "Can I hold one?"
Jade smiled at her and responded, "Sure, just hold out your hand." To the fellacai, who she really needed to name, she spoke through their bond, "One of you go to each of the others please. Show them how wonderful you are." She had full faith in her pretty pets. The fellacai gracefully winged away from her hands. Chloe was already holding her hand out, and the golden one was the first to reach her. Each of the others was just hovering in front of one of the students and Eamonn. She spoke patiently, "If you put your hand out, they'll land."
Belatedly, the rest of them put their hands out, with Eamonn grinning like a crazy old coot and laughing softly. "To think I'd see the day when a fellacai acted so meekly! Humph! I need to research this!" She was a little worried for her fire butterfly with him, but chose to ignore it. He wasn't going to hurt her. After about a minute, the fellacai decided they'd had enough being stared at and one by one left their fingers to wing around the ceiling again.
Jade went on, "So that's why I did it. I'm still not sure how, though." She glanced curiously at Eamonn, and it seemed to bring him back to reality.
Still grinning like a mad scientist, Eamonn nodded and said, "Right! I suppose that's my cue to officially begin class. As Frank said earlier, there are two types of contractual magic. There is the bond between human and beast, which you've now seen. However, there are two kinds of beast bond. There is what Jade appears to have created, which is a mutual bond. This is where human and beast can share thoughts and eventually see and hear through each other's senses when desired. When such a bond is created, there is an exchange in the balance. What we've seen is that the intelligence of such creatures goes up significantly, and they are able to develop beyond the bounds of their normal racial limitations. In return, it is generally seen that the senses of the attached human become more keen, depending on the main sensory input of the creature."
He paused, looking away from the fellacai to some of the other creatures caged around the room. "The second bond is one of domination. The communication is a one way path from human to creature, and no exchange takes place. However, it’s helpful in keeping animals in check and is the main form of bond used in the farms on the outskirts of the city. This allows them to have control over a large amount of creatures that we use for meat, milk, and egg production, as well as other animal byproducts. The advantage of this is that there is no backlash if one of your contracted is killed." He looked back at Jade's fellacai. "This is why many people are very careful about what they choose to bond with, since it’s a monster at heart, and should someone mistake them for a wild creature, they're often killed on sight."
Jade frowned, not having thought of that. She'd have to keep them with her and contained unless she was around people who already knew they were her bonded.
Seeming to feel her apprehension, she heard a small voice in her mind, "Danger?"
She smiled and thought back to them, "Not as long as you're with me. I'll keep you safe." Well, she would do her very best. The fellacai, seeming to have picked up on her feelings still, came flying down to land on her lap. She smiled, absently stroking their velvety wings with finger light touches. They were so soft and silky!
Eamonn however, had merely continued with his lecture, "The only people able to tame and keep beasts are contractual mages like ourselves. If a person without our magic tried to keep a beast, it has been shown that nearly all of them turn savage on their caretakers." Well, that explained why she hadn't seen any cats or dogs in the city, at least. Ostensibly, pretty much anything non-human was kill on sight. She'd have to be careful with her little bonded. Eamonn continued, "That’s the basics of beast bonding. In order to create a mutual contract, the beast must sense that your intentions are to treat it well as a companion. Often, the first bond is tentatively formed when you feed a creature, thus establishing some form of trust. With domination bonds, it's important to have high mental fortitude, for your will must be strong enough to overcome the beast. If you fail to dominate whatever beast you’re attempting to bond with, then you will suffer an intense mental backlash based on the strength of the creature you tried to dominate. It also causes the creatures to become severely hostile and attack. Therefore, it’s suggested that you never attempt to bond to a creature without help in case something goes wrong."
He gestured to the corner, where Walter was still being watched over by Randall. "Walter is a prime example of this. He attempted to tame something beyond his means, and it savaged him quite badly before we were able to pull it off of him. He was helpless, having suffered from an intense mental backlash. Had Lady Jade not been able to heal him, it's quite possible he'd have died. Therefore, I want you to think very carefully before you try to bond anything. In a mutual bond, these creatures will be with you until the end of their, or your, life." Pausing, he seemed to think of something. "Also of note, is that when a contractual mage dies, all bonds are released. It has caused a few problems in the past when those in charge of the farms have died. Thus, whenever one of the overseers is sick, the creatures in their charge are penned separately and watched very closely. If the bond is released and someone tries to create a new domination bond, it’s often twice as difficult as it was the first time because they do develop some resistance to the domination."
Well, that sounded ominous. Eamonn didn't pause to give them a chance to truly process before he moved on to the next topic.
"With that said, the other side of the coin of contractual magic can be far harder and easier at the same time. As with beast bonding, contracts between humans depends a great deal on the will of the caster and participants. Human to human contracts also come in two varieties, domination and mutual. As you might expect, dominating contractual magic is mostly used on criminals to turn them into productive members of society. This is performed only by the most skilled contractual mages because any slip and you have a criminal on the loose again. Mutual contracts are much easier, and as long as both parties are willing, it's fairly easy to use the magic to bind them to their word. When this happens, the thing you have to be most careful about are the consequences."
He was staring at the fellacai on Jade's lap when he continued. "With a mutual contract, the person's natural inner guide will push them not to break it. It’s a form of control, in that any attempt to breach the contract generally incurs mental or physical pain. If the contract is breached, you have to be very careful what stipulations are put in place. The magic takes a hold of this one, and if you don't put in your own stipulations, the magic seems to take on a mind of its own to enact punishment. In the past, it was common to find oath-breakers dead by random occurrences. It has since become less of an issue once we learned to put in our own stipulations, but the magic does not like being broken. In the case of human to human agreement, thankfully, the backlash falls on the participant who broke faith instead of the mage, though the mage will feel that a bond they created was broken."
Did it make her a villain that she was thinking about using contractual magic on the king's nephew? She wanted to make sure to nip that trouble in the bud. If this was an otome game, then that right there was one of the death flags people talked about, and she wasn't all that keen on it. So would it be considered inhumane to make him promise not to try and kill or scheme against her? And if a mutual contract was something he wouldn't agree to, could she perform a domination contract with a clear conscience? Well, probably. He had tried to kill her once already. That kind of mania wasn't good for anyone. Now that she knew this was an option, she would feel much better about leaving him alive and alone if he was under contract to leave her be. She'd have to be specific and make sure the contract covered her, the royal family, and the kingdom at large. She didn't want to leave loopholes for betrayal.
Eamonn had finished his mini lecture at this point, and he looked at them with wizened eyes as he asked, "Any questions?" The others all still seemed to be taking in what he had said and considering the possibilities. Only Frank looked slightly bored, no doubt having heard all of this before. Jade was staring down at her little fellacai when she thought of something, then looked back up to Eamonn.
"Eamonn, do the bonded beasts generally mate?"
He looked thoughtful at her question, before answering slowly, "The captive beasts on the farm are often mated, while bonded beasts do not. I can't tell you the exact reason for it, but my guess would be that with their increased intelligence and capacity, they don't care to mate with an inferior specimen. I could be wrong though, that's just a theory."
Jade nodded, looking thoughtfully at her little fellacai. "Can you tell us more about the fellacai? I know people have said these are the queens, but are there kings?" Her concern for her new little friends was obvious, and Eamonn smiled.
"No, there's no such thing as king fellacai. It's a matriarchal society as far as we've studied. The queens can mate with any male of their species, and they pick the strongest to breed with each year. It's a matter of choosing the best mate for their offspring."
She frowned, looking down at her little queens. She didn't want to deprive them of future awesome baby butterflies. Thinking of something else, she asked, "How are fellacai babies born? Do they already have wings?"
Eamonn looked surprised at her question. "Of course they do. Their eggs are made out of a silky substance they secrete, and the babies come out as fully developed fellacai in miniature form." Jade nodded again. So it seemed the whole caterpillar stage was skipped here, and it went right to chrysalis. That was kinda cool. She was happy to not have to deal with the super amount of legs and creepy crawly aspect of the fellacai. Tiny baby shinies? That she would happily deal with.
Still, she looked down at her little queens, and thought to them. "Do you have mates?"
Her little queens looked up at her, eyes shining with something she thought was akin to hope. "Save mates?" Jade grinned and nodded.
"Yes, I'll take them too. Bring them with us." Looking back at Eamonn, she gestured to the cage. "I apparently have a few more bonds to make." He looked confused, and she elaborated. "My queens need their mates. I'm not going to leave them all alone with stupid husbands!" Chloe started laughing first, but then everyone else quickly joined in. Even Eamonn and Randall in the corner were laughing.
Eamonn gestured to the cage. "By all means, get your queens’ mates." She could tell he was more interested in the experiment than out of actual care for her queens, but it didn't matter. She wasn't going to leave her babies alone!
She knelt down next ​to the cage, her fellacai fluttering around her. She called out to them, "Go bring your mates." They alighted on her hand as she opened the cage and stuck it in. None of the other fellacai were trying to escape, probably due to the queens' influence, since she hadn't even had to command them to stay put. Her little queens went off through the cage, and each came back with a pretty male fellacai. She pulled the ten adorable creatures out of the cage and closed it behind her hand, looking down at them with a giant smile. She pulled out her bottle of juice, pouring more in her hand as she silently commanded, "Drink. You'll be safe with me."
The five new fellacai quickly went over to the juice, and she realized they probably weren't being fed a whole lot in the cage, given that they were supposed to be food for the other animals. She winced at that thought. The poor things. Besides, she needed to siphon them if possible. Still, the five new babies were drinking voraciously, and she poured them more until they seemed full. Sitting back on her hand, she smiled down at the little beasties and heard their voice in return. "We stay."
And thus began Jade's butterfly army…
Chapter Ten – Splutter
The rest of the class passed by in companionable conversation as Eamonn introduced them to all of the main animals that people normally bonded with. He'd also had them look over a couple of basic contracts that were commonly used by most stores. He ended the class with homework. "Now, in the next week, I'd like all of you to do more research. There's a book called The Monster Compendium. It's available at the library, but I've also got two copies in my office that you can stop by and read there if that's easier. I'd like each of you to read and select one of the creatures to report on next week…you can read, can't you?" He was looking at the panicked look on Ian's face when he mentioned reading, and Ian blushed violently red. Jade had noticed him listening as the others absently read aloud but hadn’t connected the dots until Eamonn said something.
Looking ashamed, he tugged on his ear as he looked at the ground and spoke softly, "Sorry, sir, I haven't learned yet. I've got a class to learn on Thursday and Saturday, but I don't think I'll be good enough to read it by next class…" His voice trailed off, and he looked like he wanted to hide under a rock.
To Jade's surprise, Eamonn patted Ian on the shoulder and said encouragingly, "Buck up, lad, you'll learn soon enough. Just let me know when you have time and we'll go through the compendium together. It's no shame that you haven't learned yet. That's why you're here—to learn." She was surprised he was being so understanding, and then it seemed to dawn on her. Perhaps Eamonn had come from a more humble background as well, instead of being a born noble. He might seem a bit crazy at times, but that didn't mean there wasn't a lot of history to explain how he got that way.
Eamonn dismissed them, and Jade paused, looking around at the cages of animals, and more specifically the cage of fellacai. Smiling at Eamonn, she queried, "Eamonn, do these animals stay in the cages all the time?"
Eamonn looked at her curiously, then nodded. "Of course, until they're bonded. They're monsters, so they're too dangerous to have on the loose without being bonded." She frowned thoughtfully, sighing. It was as she'd expected. Seeing her discouragement, he added, "It helps them accept the bond. Their desire to be out of the cage makes them more pliable to being bonded to make that happen."
She winced because she hadn't actually expected there to be a practical reason for it as well. In her old world, it would have been seen as animal cruelty. Here, she had to remind herself that they were considered monsters who would kill them at the first opportunity, as evidenced by the mauled Walter who was still in the corner with Randal. Still, she couldn't help but look down at the fellacai cage. "Can I take care of the fellacai at least? You don't normally have people bond to them, right? I know my queens can control them so they don't get away, but I'd like to let them fly around for a bit." She'd also have to absent herself when they were used to feed the other animals. Hopefully that was a rare occurrence.
Eamonn was pondering her request, but he eventually nodded. "I suppose that should be fine, since you have the queens and their mates." He then looked to the corner with Randal and Walter, and she nodded, walking over with him. He asked Randal with worry, "Any change?"
Randal glanced up, startled. It seemed he hadn't realized they'd come over. "Oh, no. He seems fine, still just sleeping." At that moment, they were interrupted by the rumble from Walter's stomach, and Jade grinned.
"Sounds like he's about to wake up to me."
They all laughed softly, and Eamonn instructed Randal, "I'd like you to get Miss Jade a key to the room. She'll be coming in to play with the fellacai, so she'll need access when we're not here." Jade glanced at Eamonn and realized his crinkly eyes were twinkling with mirth. Okay, so maybe she did want to play with them…but still! He didn't have to call her out on it! Besides, she wanted to see how her siphoning went and then siphon the rest of them. Magic resistance and flight were something she wasn't about to give up on easily! She glanced around at the other cages thoughtfully. Were there other useful skills she could get from the other animals? She'd be paying each of them a personal visit as soon as she got that key, it seemed.
Randal looked curiously at Jade, noticed her trail of fellacai flitting about her, then nodded and grinned. "I'll grab a spare from my office and give it to her before dinner is over, so long as Walter wakes up soon."
Jade stepped forward, putting a gentle hand on Walter's arm as she sent a healing surge through him to check for any remaining damage. He was still fine, showing that she was just being paranoid because he hadn't woken up. Thinking of what Mike did for her, she infused him with a tiny bit of energy, which clearly was enough for him to start waking up.
His body moved slowly at first, seeming to test that things were okay. They were watching curiously when his eyes shot open and he screamed, clutching his chest. "Stop the iompro! Stop hiiiiim!" When he didn't see the bear creature but rather Randal, Eamonn, and Jade standing around him, he seemed to calm down, looking at his body with amazement. He asked incredulously, "I'm…okay?"
Eamonn patted him on the head. "Yes, thanks to Miss Jade here. She healed you up quite nicely, so you should thank her for saving your life."
Walter looked a little sheepish at that, turning his light green eyes on Jade. "Thank you very much. I'm sorry I was a little startled when I awoke."
Jade smiled and nodded. "Don't worry about it. I'm just glad it all worked out. You were bleeding out pretty badly when I found you guys. Please try to be more careful in the future."
Walter nodded, promising, "Of course. If there's anything I can do for you in the future, just please let me kn–she's being attacked by fellacai!" He was panicking and pointing to the fellacai that were flitting behind her head.
The three of them laughed, which seemed to confuse him and reduce his panic. Jade held out her arm, mentally asking her pretties, "Please land." Walter watched in amazement as the fellacai gracefully landed on her outstretched arm, and she said kindly, "I bonded with them. They aren't going to harm anyone." Comprehension dawned on his face, and he gulped, nodding. Jade started to let her arm drop, and the fellacai flew nimbly back into the air as she mentally spoke again. "We're leaving soon, so you'll need to land on my braid again before we leave the room."
She accompanied her words with a mental picture and heard the fellacai respond, "Leave! Hair. Okay." She grinned. It was only one to two more words, but it seemed like it was getting easier to speak to them. She couldn't wait to have the smartest, most beautiful butterfly army in the world! She pondered for a moment, wondering if their children would automatically be bonded to her as well, like if they were dungeon born. She guessed she'd find out eventually and absently wondered if there were any moving mushrooms or horned rabbits in this world. She didn't see any in here, but that didn't mean they didn't exist. She'd have to look through The Monster Compendium quite thoroughly. She'd had it this whole time but hadn't yet had a chance to read it. It was time to remedy that.
Looking up, she realized she had spaced out and missed a bunch of conversation again. Eamonn glanced back at her and grinned. "Ah, you're back with us again. We're heading to dinner. Would you like to join us?"
Jade smiled, nodding. "Sure, I'm happy to walk down with you, but I think I'm probably going to end up sitting with the royals. I have a few things to discuss with them."
Randal and Walter both looked extremely curious, while Eamonn simply seemed to accept her words. "That is fine. Shall we go?" He offered her his wrinkled arm and she adroitly took it with a smile. She was getting better at this stuff! They left the room, the fellacai coming down to rest on her braid much to Eamonn's amusement. They waited for Randal to lock the door behind them, then left the Magnus Crafting Center. They'd lingered long enough that most of the students had already long since left for dinner or home.
Walking to the cafeteria, they directly entered the first floor area, as it seemed they were bringing Walter with them so they could oversee that he ate properly. She noticed people giving them strange looks and wide berths, then realized most of the looks were directed at the fellacai in her hair. This might be a problem if people started avoiding her because of them. She'd have to limit how many she had with her at any one time, apparently. Maybe she'd decide based on which one matched her outfit of the day or what classes she had. That was probably a good idea. If she had a class with any of their elements, she'd bring that one for the day. Perhaps she'd try to keep the mated pairs together as well, though if they weren't staying with her, they'd have plenty of alone time.
She chuckled softly to herself, and the others sent her quizzical glances. She explained cheerfully, "Oh, I was just thinking about the dating life of my fellacai. It struck me as humorous that I was thinking that I needed to make sure they had enough time together when I've no idea what a real relationship entails."
Randal grinned. "Best be careful there, else you'll be overrun." Jade nodded, still grinning.
They were greeted by Estelle when it was finally their turn at the counter, and she looked between Eamonn, Randal, her, and Walter. Cheerily, she greeted them. "Count Finn, Baronet Rosen, Lady Jade. What can I get for you this evening?" The boy Walter was not included in her greetings, and it was obvious what the pecking order was. Eamonn and Randal both ordered cheerily, and Jade nudged Walter to go next. With a slight stammer, he ordered the same thing Randal had gotten.
Jade cut in at this point. "Walter, you need more to eat than that, and you need red meat. Estelle, please give him two steak plates as well."
Estelle raised her brows at Jade. "Someone else with your voracious appetite?"
She shook her head. "Only temporarily. I did a massive healing on him earlier, so he needs to replenish blood and energy."
Estelle nodded, as it was quite normal that people were extremely hungry after a healing. "It looks like you did a good job on him, I didn't even realize."
Jade beamed at her, happy with the compliment. "Thank you! Now, what would you suggest for me? I'd like five plates of whatever you think is best and gives me a variety. Oh, and I'll need a lot of juice and an extra empty plate, if you can manage that."
Laughing, Estelle tapped the side of her nose. "You're a smart one. Alright, I'll have everything brought out to you."
"Thank you, Estelle!" Jade spoke cheerily, and the others belatedly echoed. Estelle was grinning now too, obviously in a good mood as she shooed them away so she could help those behind them. They glanced around, and the three of them started making their way to an empty table as Jade spotted her royal friends. "I'll see you guys later!"
They nodded and Randal promised, "I'll grab you that key after we've eaten."
Jade nodded and they split ways. Walking over to the table with Victor, Camille, and Will, she took note of their dining companions. One looked to be a very sturdy gentleman, but from the slight rock dust she could sense on his clothes, she figured he was probably the stonecrafting teacher, since they'd said they were going to that class. The other looked to be a tall, willowy man, and she figured he was probably Will's tutor. She glanced around, catching Stephen's eye, who was sitting at the next table. With her head, she jerked her head in the 'come here' motion, then smiled and sat next to Victor, earning a glare from the tutor guy.
"Hey guys!" she greeted them cheerfully.
They were about to respond when the tutor interrupted haughtily, "The correct address is your royal highnesses, and what on earth do you think you're doing at this table? You should be sitting with your sponsor." He was looking at her like she was dirt, and Jade sighed. Obviously, not all nobility were nice, as she was finally learning. She'd been spoiled by the ones she'd met to this point being so chill with her until today. It seemed like her luck had turned because this was the third time she'd been challenged since this morning.
It was Camille who looked at the tutor and said bitingly, "Jade is our friend, and you can excuse yourself from the table. In the future, please remember to understand the situation before you shoot your mouth off."
He looked aghast at her harsh reprimand and sputtered, "B-but I was just…"
Victor cut in, his normally calm and unruffled demeanor cracking for a moment, "Acting high and mighty towards Lady Jade, the new traveler. As Camille said, please excuse yourself." The tutor got to his feet, pale and obviously shaken that two of his pupils, who were normally very gentle and polite to him, had turned on him so quickly. He bowed quickly to them before grabbing his food and scurrying off. Soon after he left, Stephen and Eric slipped into his spot and the seat next to it, looking curiously at Jade. This action caused the royals to realize something else was going on, and they turned their eyes to Jade as well. It was Victor's turn to splutter as he realized he was right next to ten fellacai, and he spluttered, "Why do you have fellacai in your hair?"
Jade grinned, reaching up and holding a finger to the closest butterfly, which was her golden queen. She jumped onto the proffered finger obediently as Jade put her elbow on the table, admiring her beauty as she said contentedly, "I bonded with them this afternoon. Aren't they beautiful?"
Camille spoke tentatively, "Yes, they're very pretty. You say you bonded with them? They're safe?" There was the tiniest edge of fear to her voice, and Jade wondered just how dangerous her little queens were in the wild.
She nodded, smiling. "Completely safe."
Stephen cut in at this point. "I assume you didn't ask us to join you because of them, however. What's going on?"
Jade's smile dimmed a bit, and she gently put the fellacai back on her hair. "Oh, right." She looked at Victor, Camille, and Will in turn, then said with a sigh, "I met your cousin this afternoon, as well. He tried to kill me."
The clatter of silverware hit the table as both Victor and Will dropped what they'd been holding. Camille, Eric, and Stephen hadn't been holding anything and thus had nothing to drop. All of them were staring at her.
Nothing like a good statement to shock and awe those around her.
Chapter Eleven – Names
The silence at their table was palpable and tense. Absently, she reached over, grabbing a carrot from Victor's plate to munch on while she waited for her food to arrive. She was just waiting for them to snap out of the stupor they all seemed to be in, and she absently noted the the stonecrafter was still with them. She'd sort of forgotten that he was there, but he seemed just as flabbergasted as everyone else. Stephen was the first to recover as he said quietly, "Perhaps you'd better start from the beginning."
Jade smiled, shrugging. "There's not much to it. He made fun of me wearing a cloak to a fire class while we were waiting in the hallway. I was the last one in, and the only open seat was right in front of him, which didn't seem super awesome or safe to me. I figured he might try something, so I created wind walls around myself. When he tried to light me on fire, it rebounded on him and burned him pretty good, since the wind fed it. He was calling for a healer, the teacher asked me to do it, I explained the situation and said no, at which point he starting calling me some unflattering names and threatening to have me killed. I told him I was a traveler. He went insane and started attacking me with his sword, making his injuries worse. I just blocked him with my wind walls until I was tired of waiting, then suffocated him until he passed out and healed him, then left."
Her words were so matter of fact, like it was nothing and she'd just shrugged it off. When Estelle and her little helper brought her food over to the now silent table, setting it down in front of Jade, she glanced around curiously. "Everything alright here?"
Jade smiled at her. "We're fine. I just told them a story that they're processing. Thank you for the food. It looks delicious!"
Estelle nodded, grinning at her before casting an odd glance at the rest of the table before she retreated. Jade quickly took the empty plate and some of the juice, pouring it onto the plate. Several of the people at the table jumped as her little fellacai came to life, winging down to land on the plate and sip at the juice. She smiled, then started eating as well, waiting for them to figure out what to say. Victor was staring at his plate with a haunted look, while Camille was absently pushing her food around on her plate. Will was holding onto the table with a white knuckled grip. The stonecrafter looked like he wanted to be anywhere but at their table and he was wolfing down his food, she assumed in an attempt to say he was done and leave. Eric and Stephen were the anomalies. Stephen almost looked a little proud of her, while Eric looked to be doing mental calculations.
No one seemed to know how to break the silence after that, but Victor finally gave a stab at it. "I'm sorry, Jade. That should never have happened."
She shrugged, smiling at him. "I took care of it, and myself. It's a lesson he hopefully won't soon forget, but at the same time, I'd like to put him under a contract. I learned about them today, and I think it’s a good idea to fix future problems before they happen. I don't want him to be able to think about hurting me or plotting against me without consequences." Her voice had grown a bit harder by the end, but since she'd learned about contractual magic, it seemed like a good time to utilize it. Granted, it was usually used on criminals, but given that he'd tried to kill her, she supposed that was close enough. Attempted murder was certainly a crime in her world, at least. So was arson.
Still, all three royals looked nervous at her statement, and Victor explained slowly, "It's…generally not allowed to contract anyone in the royal family for anything other than business."
She stopped eating long enough to stare at him, then said bluntly, "That is the stupidest thing I've ever heard. Sorry, but it is. Maybe this is dictatorial of me, but if I had a bunch of people who stood to inherit the throne if I died, I would make sure they were under contract to not plot against me. Granted, an evil monarch could do a lot worse than that, but still. "
All three of them looked shocked, and Camille interjected, "What? Why on earth would they plot against us? We're family!" It was Jade's turn to just stare at Camille. Were these people really that oblivious? It was like they were waiting for an evil overlord to just come and pluck them from the throne with that kind of attitude! Or maybe she'd just been watching too many TV shows where the royal family was completely and utterly corrupt and everyone was just looking out for number one. Was it her mentality that was the issue here? Had she been so completely corrupted by her old world that she saw shadows and plots everywhere?
Then she thought about it, realized that her paranoia was the only reason she hadn't been lit on fire or killed today, and decided she was justified. Finally, Jade said softly, "Sure, you might be family, but he tried to kill me rather vehemently this afternoon in front of a lot of people. If he dares to be so open about wanting me dead, should I just live looking over my shoulder every day? It's not particularly amenable to me."
Camille lost the self-righteous look she'd started sporting, deflating a bit at Jade's words. She said softly, "He's…I'm sorry. He's been going through a hard time ever since his dad was taken by the mesmer."
Jade nodded, sighing. "I figured, which is why I gave him a break today and didn't even give him scars for trying to kill me, but grief doesn't justify murder. Remember what I said? He made fun of me and tried to set me on fire, all without me saying a word to him." Her voice had grown a bit harsher at the end, and all three royals winced. Stephen and Eric were watching her curiously, while the stonecrafter had now finished his food and hastily excused himself, quickly retreating away from the volatile situation.
She went back to eating, letting them mull it over. Finally, Victor spoke in a serious voice, "I'll talk to dad about this and see what we can do. You shouldn't have to live in fear, not from our family." It sounded like he was coming around to her side at last, even if he still sounded a bit unwilling, and she smiled soothingly at him in return.
​Finally, Eric spoke up, "So, I have two questions."
​"Go for it," Jade spoke between mouthfuls.
​"First off, you said you suffocated him until he passed out. How did you do that exactly? Second, where do the fellacai come in? How exactly did that happen?"
​Looking down at her little fellacai, she smiled gently, then shook herself out of her reverie and looked over at Eric. "That was three questions.” She teased him briefly to try and lighten the mood, then started to explain, “Well, the how is pretty easy. I used wind magic and just called the air from his lungs. I made sure not to collapse them, but took as much as I could without doing that and then created a miniature wall in his esophagus so that air couldn't pass through. It was surprisingly effective."
Eric blanched a little, cringing as he asked, "So you hadn't tried it before…?"
Jade laughed, shaking her head. "No, no one has ever tried to kill me like that before, so it was my first time practicing. But people will pass out long before they die from asphyxiation. It was something that happened more than I like to think in my old world; a lot of failed murder attempts where the victim woke up because the person left them after they passed out, thinking they were dead. Anyway, I released it as soon as he passed out so there wouldn't be any permanent harm. Any wind user who knew what they were doing could easily do the same." Here she glanced at Will, who was also a wind user. He looked to be contemplating her revelation, wondering if he'd be able to replicate it.
"Fascinating…" Eric murmured, looking a little more contemplative than usual. He was somehow looking at her differently, as if she was no longer the innocent girl he'd first met. She wasn't. That girl was still right there, of course, but she'd been altered by a need to survive. The fact that she'd been challenged so many times today, and perhaps even the numbness of fighting she'd gotten in her blades class... She was changing, slowly but surely. A couple days ago, she'd asked Will how much this world would change her. The answer was a lot and in almost every way. Near death encounters and the need to defend herself had allowed ruthlessness to seep into her behavior. It was born out of a need to be safe and secure her place in this world.
She wasn't super fond of the fact that she was supposed to be the kingdom's hero, but she had to admit it was helpful in keeping her safe, making allies, and getting her way. Without that protection…her life here would have been very, very different. She was rather used to people catering to her somewhat. Granted, she hadn't been allowed to ask for anything extravagant in her old world, but most people had relented if she'd asked them something small. She knew it had mostly been due to pity, and here in this world it was due to hope that she'd save them. It was rather amazing how much the two situations overlapped.
Coming back to the situation at hand, she smiled down at her little fellacai, pouring them some more juice. They were sitting in their little mated pairs and were absolutely adorable, so she was happy to tell the next part of what happened. "Anyway, as for the fellacai, when I left the fire magic classroom, I found a couple people waiting outside my workshop. They were from the contractual class, and the boy had been seriously savaged in a bonding gone wrong. So I healed him up and agreed to accompany them back to the contractual classroom, since that was supposed to be my next class anyway. Eamonn was lecturing about iguanas or something and he held up my pretties in a cage. I asked to hold the cage, and the next thing I knew, I'd bonded to my five queens and then later to their mates. I still need to give them names though. Any bright ideas? I want them to be good!"
Jade smiled, and her innocent plea for naming help seemed to finally bring them all out of curious or shocked stupor. They began studying her precious little army, and Will pointed at her first queen. "How about Goldy?" She glared at him, and he shrugged. "What? It fits."
Camille glanced at him in disgust, then pointed at the golden and fire colored queens in turn. "Lame. How about Aurora and Dawn for these two?"
“Or Firefly,” Victor interjected, smirking at his little joke and waiting for the others to laugh. All he got were a couple of snickers.
Will pointed at several in turn. "Well, you could name the purple one Violet, and if that one is Dawn, you could name the dark one Midnight and the golden one Sunrise or Sunny."
Eric finally pointed at the fire one. “How about Ember?”
Stephen pointed out, “Or Phoenix, you seem to like those. The green one could be Willow or Maple.”
Camille sighed wistfully as she looked at them. “The gold one is so shiny.”
It was a bit funny; they were all trying to name the queens first. It seemed the poor mates would have to wait their turn. She was just as bad. It wasn’t her fault they were just so much brighter! Shiny… She was staring at her golden queen when she absently thought of a book she’d read ages upon ages ago, a golden queen to repopulate her species. Smiling, she held her hand over to the golden one, who obediently hopped on her finger.
“I’ll name you Ramoth.” The tiny queen seemed to consider her, then nodded, flying around in a circle before settling back on the plate. Grinning, she went to her midnight fellacai, who obediently followed the pattern. “You shall be Lilith, my queen of the night.” Lilith fluttered around happily before settling, and before she even dropped her finger, her little fiery butterfly had flown onto her outstretched finger. With a smile, she proclaimed, “You’re Amber, the heart of fire.” Her little nature green fellacai was next. “You’ll be Willow, the queen of the forest who watches over all.” Finally, her violet one came forward, and she smiled. “And you’re Lavender.” Lavender took to the air, doing a little loop before she settled once again on the plate.
Jade looked at the others a little sheepishly. “Sorry, thanks for the ideas though.” They laughed at her, and Will looked a little affronted.
“Hey, aren’t you going to give the men names too? You can’t just name the queens and not their mates!” He had a wicked smile that promised trouble and she laughed. No, she couldn’t ignore her little men.
Keeping her hand out, Ramoth’s mate was the first to come up. He was a beautiful dark blue with little gold flecks, almost as if he was trying to match her. It reminded her a bit of old stories where gold miners would sift for gold in a river. Smiling, she said confidently, “You’ll be Rio.” He flitted gracefully around her hand, then landed next to Ramoth again.
She grinned as Lilith’s mate flew up next. His main color was also black, but it held interesting flecks of blue, white, purple, and red that reminded her of the night sky. Smiling, she named him, “Cosmo, a traveler of the stars.” He did a little loop in thanks and then settled while Amber’s mate came next. He was pale yellow with white and light blue patterns that were reminiscent of lightning. She declared, “You’ll be Bolt.” He zipped around in concise but sudden movements, and her smile got wider as she felt like she’d done good.
Willow’s mate was a deep chocolatey brown with flecks of mint green. She pondered for a moment, trying to think of something strong, for he seemed very solid for such a little thing. Finally, she said softly, “You’ll be Andy.” That one would probably make no sense to anyone but her. If they asked, she’d say he was named after a big mountain range. In truth, he reminded her of the little mint chocolates.
Finally it was Lavender’s mate. He was off white with dark red speckles that were reminiscent of sprinkled blood. She was tempted by Vlad for a moment, then quickly discarded it. Way too dark for her little man. She wasn’t going to name him after any vamps. Although…there was one vamp who was a healer too. What was his name again? Oh yeah…well, that would work. “You’re Carl.” She didn’t need the whole name. No one else was going to understand her logic anyway. Little Carl flew a circle before heading back to Lavender.
She smiled, then glanced up to find everyone watching her raptly. Camille sighed, seeming to have done a one eighty as it concerned her fellacai. She spoke wistfully, “They’re so pretty. I almost wish I could bond one.”
Jade smiled at her. “If you ever want to try, let me know. I think I can arrange that.”
Chapter Twelve – Scrying
Camille shook her head sadly. “I don’t have an aptitude for contractual magic.”
Jade pondered, then shrugged. “Never hurts to try. You’ve got enough other magics that it might’ve been so minor that it didn’t show up. I dunno how the test works, but I think as long as they’re willing, they’ve got enough magic to help bridge the gap too. Anyway, it never hurts to try. I could maybe even just create a bond between you myself. After all, if we can create bonds between humans, what’s to stop us from creating bonds between human and creature? It wouldn’t work with a domination bond, but I think a mutual bond would be possible.”
​She was wondering why no one had brought this up before. Maybe the contractual magicians didn’t actually create willing bonds all that often? She could see how sharing your intelligence with a creature might be considered dangerous, especially in a world with a high mortality rate. A sudden influx of creatures with much higher intelligence and intimate knowledge of the city and how humans worked? She could see where problems might arise.
​She finished eating, stacking her plates neatly so they’d be easy to clear, and everyone else seemed to realize they’d long since finished their food and were sitting there with empty plates. It seemed that most of them were still mulling over her statement as if considering the possibilities.
​She was a little surprised by how stagnant the ideas seemed to be here. It was as if they’d just gotten comfortable with the way things were and never knew how to do something differently. She wondered if the fact that the travelers brought change had made people complacent, and they figured if there was something to change, the next traveler would introduce it. It seemed like they were stuck in a rut of tradition. Either that or the people who wanted to innovate probably tried and died. After all, she figured any untried methods probably got people killed while they were working out the kinks if they were experimenting with the creatures. Even the farms seemed like semi-dangerous places if someone died. All it took was one accident for a major incident to start.
​There was also the fact that magic seemed to be linked at least somewhat to intelligence, and if those people had been getting kidnapped by creatures like the mesmer for so long, they were losing some of their best and brightest every month. If that was the case, perhaps the stagnation was understandable. People were doing their best just to stay alive, using what was tried and true.
​Anyway, she smiled at them as almost everyone was lost in silent contemplation as she said cheerfully, “Anyone want to come see my fire tree, since we’ve still got time?” She had glanced at her pocket watch to see they still had half an hour before their business class.
​Victor looked supremely curious, then sighed as he said, “I’d love to, but I’ve got to talk to my father first. Although…I suppose your workroom is as private as anywhere else, so I’d probably be fine to do it there.”
​Jade looked at him curiously. “How can you talk to him from my workroom? Isn’t he at the palace?”
​Will laughed first, and she glared at him as he chortled, trying to look contrite. “Sorry, it’s just that I forget how much you don’t know about here yet. He’s got a scrying mirror connected to dad.”
​Jade’s eyes lit up. Okay, this sounded like a cell phone almost! She turned eager eyes on Victor. “Can I see it?”
​He laughed softly. “I’ll show you in your workshop. It’s pretty rare to be able to make one, as it takes a lot of power from the illusionist to set the enchantment.”
​Jade nodded, grinning eagerly. “That’s fine! Let’s go!” She bounced to her feet giddily, and her fellacai quickly left their plate to swoop up and land on her braid as if echoing her excitement. Everyone was smiling at the sight, and they quickly followed suit. Jade waved to Estelle as they left, earning a nod and grin from the other woman as she led her entourage to her workshop with skipping steps.
​Their group drew many sidelong glances, but she figured that was mostly due to the fact that she was traveling around with royalty. They seemed to get those looks wherever they went. Still, they made it to Magnus without too much of a fuss, then up the stairwell to her workshop. She was half expecting there to be someone else injured waiting outside, but thankfully there wasn’t, this time. She wasn’t going to be in the building for the rest of the evening, so she pondered putting up a sign that said, ‘Go find someone else to heal you.’ She quickly discarded the idea; people would figure it out, right?
​Quickly unlocking the door, she held it open for everyone to pass through, but Victor just raised a brow and pushed her inside gently, choosing to hold it himself. She laughed, sticking her tongue out at him. “I was just trying to be helpful!”
​He smirked. “And I was trying to be a gentleman. Would you deny me that?”
​Jade stuck her tongue out again and waited until everyone was inside, bouncing over to the table where she’d deposited her fire tree. Meanwhile, she told her little fellacai, “You can explore in here. This is my room, and thus yours too. You’ll be in here a lot.” Thinking about it, she realized she wanted to grow a tree or something for them so they’d have a comfortable resting spot. Turning to Eric, she asked, “Did you ever get a hold of Viscountess Delaney about my lessons?”
​He nodded, smiling in a way that looked half like a grimace. “Yes, I did. She agreed to meet with you at eleven for an hour of personal tutoring. She’ll come here to your workshop to meet you.”
​Jade grinned. “Did she give you a hard time?”
​Eric coughed, glancing at the ceiling. “Not so much…” She smiled, choosing to ignore his obviously blatant lie. She walked over, hugging him to his and everyone else’s surprise.
​“Thank you for correcting that for me and convincing her to tutor me. I appreciate it.”
​He seemed to relax, hugging her back gruffly. “I was happy to do it.” He murmured softly before letting her go. She turned back to everyone, grinning, then remembered her tree. Bouncing over to the table that held her ever-burning sculpture, she thought about something and focused her mana sense. She could see the aura of red around the tree, but she was looking for something…else. She squinted, thinking she saw a glimpse of what she was searching for. A tiny thread, which was almost invisible, of magic that seemed to be collecting from the area and flowing into her fire tree.
​“I was right!” She turned to the group triumphantly, holding her tree up for their curious inspection.
​“Right about what?” Camille asked curiously.
​“I had a theory that any permanent magic spells started drawing energy in from their surroundings. It’s a tiny amount, and I think that’s probably because it takes a lot more magic to create than maintain. Otherwise, it didn’t totally make sense for me that light, fire, and cold could be continuously emitted without the energy coming from somewhere.”
​She stopped talking as an idea struck her. If her creations could draw in energy from their surroundings, could she do it to? Like one of the cultivators in the wuxia novels, would that alleviate her need to eat so much in order to support her magic and her changes? If it was possible, it would make life waaaaaaaaaaay easier. Still, she’d just barely been able to see the thread, and mostly had only been able to see auras around people that denoted their magic. Perhaps when it was a higher level, she’d be able to see more and that would help.
​Lost in thought, she only realized they were trying to talk to her when Will tugged the fire tree out of her hand for a closer look, evidently fascinated by it. Camille, Eric, Victor, and Stephen were all talking about what it might mean to have energy being drawn in by anything permanent. Realizing that she’d come back to them, Camille teased, “You space out a lot.”
​Jade shrugged. “Bad habit from my last world. I was left alone a lot, so staring into space and introspecting was quite common for me.” This seemed to kill the conversation, so she smiled grimly. “Don’t worry, I’ll get over it eventually. Probably. Anyway, Victor, you said you needed to call your dad! Can I see the mirror now?” Her excitement had started bubbling over again with her change in conversation, and Victor laughed, nodding.
​Pulling a mirror out, it was round and about the size of his palm. Because Jade had forgotten to turn her mana sense off, she could see the pure white energy flowing from him into the mirror, giving it the magic to make it work. Curious, she walked over, staring down at it from the side. It seemed to be filled with fog, until finally, the fog cleared and she could see an image of King Derrick and Queen Ashanna sitting side by side, seemingly at a dinner table as well.
​Derrick looked a little confused as he asked quickly, “Victor! Is everything okay? Did something happen to Will?” Apparently, this was something that was normally only used in emergencies, which made sense. She giggled softly that his first concern was that Will had gotten into trouble though, and she glanced up, sticking her tongue out at him.
​He groaned, walking over and grabbing Victor’s hand to point the mirror at himself. “No, Dad, I’m fine. What gives? Why would I be causing trouble?”
​Ashanna laughed softly, teasing him, “It’s your first day, Will. Also, when have you ever not caused trouble?” Will groaned, let go of Victor’s hand, and walked away. Looking at Victor again, Queen Ashanna smiled and asked calmly, “So if it wasn’t Will, why did you scry us?”
​Victor grimaced a bit, then said hesitantly, “Jade had a small altercation with Brodie…in which he tried to kill her.”
​“What!?” The double shouts of both Derrick and Ashanna came through loud and clear, and they were obviously startled by the news.
​At this point, Jade moved closer to Victor so that her head would be in view of the mirror as she smiled at them and said quickly, “Don’t worry, I’m fine, and he was fine when I left.”
​Derrick and Ashanna both seemed to sit back, at least temporarily mollified by seeing her and her quick reassurance. Derrick spoke with a somewhat strained voice, “Jade, it’s nice to see you, though I confess this is a surprise. Would you please tell us what happened?”
​Jade nodded, taking the offered mirror from Victor as she began her story, telling them the abridged version like she had the others. When she finished, she said confidently, “Therefore, I’d like to put him under a contract so that I don’t see backlash from this. I understand he’s going through a hard time with the loss of his father, and I get that. I just lost my whole family too, but I’m not going around trying to kill people. It’s just a precautionary measure on my part. I understand that it’s not normally done, but I won’t be able to rest easy until I have some assurances in place.”
​Derrick and Ashanna looked thoughtful, and it was Ashanna who asked in a tiny voice, “What would this contract entail?”
​Jade glanced at Eric, then said quickly, “One second, I’d like Eric to write it down so I don’t forget anything.” They nodded their agreement in the mirror, and Eric quickly followed her over to her little sitting area where Camille was already pulling out her paper, ink, and quill. Camille had it set up and everyone had drifted over, immensely curious what conditions she wanted to impose on a royal family member.
​“Alright.” Jade looked at the people around her, smiled a little sadly, then looked back at Derrick and Ashanna. “First off, he can never try to kill or harm me, physically or mentally, intentionally in any way, unless it’s self-defense. This includes ordering anyone else to do anything to me. If he becomes aware of any plots against me in any way, shape, or form, he must do what he can to stop them. If he doesn’t believe he is able to stop them alone or without harm, he must report it to someone who can, and I must be informed of all such plots.”
​She took a breath, then continued, “He cannot take his frustration or anger with me out on anyone else and will be under the same obligation to not cause harm to the royal family or anyone he perceives he could emotionally hurt me with. I would also like to add in that he is not allowed to use his power and position to bully others and must stop bullying whenever he is able, but he doesn’t need to endanger himself.” She stopped, then shrugged and concluded, “That’s it, or as best as I can come up with.”
​She had been trying to think of any loopholes she might have left in. She was protected, she had included the royal family and her friends, and hopefully put an end to his bullying ways. Nope, that was it.
​Derrick and Ashanna looked surprised, and as Jade glanced around she realized it was a common look among them. Finally, Ashanna collected herself. “I see. That actually sounds…quite decent of you. You hold no grudge against Brodie?”
​Jade smiled at her. “Not really. He’s at an age when losing a parent makes most people an emotional wreck. I’m guessing he’s acting out in frustration at the loss of his father. Everyone here has seemed surprised that he was trying to bully me. It doesn’t mean I condone his actions, but in my world, he’d be seeing a psychiatrist to help him with mental counseling so that it didn’t become a problem. He doesn’t have that here, so he’s just trying to find a way to cope. There are better ways, but it’s not like he knows them.”
​She thought of the many counselors she’d seen. Some were religious men, who wanted to let her know that God still loved her and she should not despair, for she’d have a perfect body after she died. Some told her of reincarnation, which she was slightly more inclined to believe now. All of them had said she struggled with depression, which let’s face it, she probably had. Being stuck in a cage and being told you’re supposed to be dead will do that to a person. Still, most of them had treated her like the doctors had—an interesting case to study.
​Quietly, she asked the question she knew they weren’t going to enjoy answering, “Is there…any chance that Tevon might still be alive?”
​Sadly, Derrick shook his head. “No, it’s been several months. I’m afraid he’s gone.”
​Jade nodded, mad at herself for asking the question when she saw the look of grief pass over most of the royal family’s faces. She said remorsefully, “I’m sorry for bringing up your loss.”
