Chapter 423
“I knew you’d be here.”
Hadjar was sitting on the edge of a cliff, his feet dangling in the air. There were clouds below him, and birds and other, much stranger, winged creatures occasionally flew past. Behind him stood a black passage in the mountain that served as the entrance to Underworld City.
Two months had passed since his conversation with Rahaim. During that time, he’d become accustomed to his new abilities as a Heaven Soldier. He’d managed to grasp his new power, and the sharper senses that came with it. Even the odd change to his thinking was something he’d learned to deal with, for the most part.
Nowadays, while looking at an object, Hadjar’s thoughts would often stray and turn into some deeply philosophical musings. Even the simple flight of a bird could make him wonder about the depths of the Sword Spirit’s and the Wind Spirit’s path for hours.
He pondered Rahaim’s claim that, whatever he did in the future, he would never be able to return to the Wind Spirit’s path. There were two barriers in his way: the first one was the seal of the Sword Spirit, which, though very challenging, was still something he could overcome. The second was his inability to use the ‘true path of cultivation’, which meant harnessing the external energy of the World River.
“I see you’ve broken through,” Hadjar said, moving aside.
He took a pipe and some tobacco from the pocket of his new, silk blue coat, flicked a match, and a thin column of gray smoke rose up.
Einen sat down beside him. The islander had become a little broader in the shoulders, taller, and... he’d dried up. He seemed to be striving to look like his favorite weapon — the staff-spear. He, too, now had the aura of a Heaven Soldier. Just four months after their battle with Ragar, Einen, using the insights and inspiration that he’d received during their journey to the library, had been able to find his Way and break through to the level of a true cultivator.
It was a very impressive achievement, no doubt about it.
“Sorry to keep you waiting, my friend.”
“Don’t mention it.” Hadjar clapped his friend on the shoulder. “Besides, we’re going in the same direction. You were going to visit the Empire, weren’t you?”
Einen stared up at the empty, endless sky. After all the time they’d spent together, Hadjar could easily read his friend’s emotions, despite his stony expression and always-closed eyes. He realized that the islander was worried about something.
“Something’s bothering you,” Hadjar said.
Einen remained silent. He rarely spoke. Einen would sometimes burst into a massive tirade, which was usually followed by a week’s silence only diluted by a meager smattering of remarks.
“I’m concerned about our journey to Dahanatan.”
“Why is the brave Einen of the pirate islands afraid to go to the capital of the Darnassus Empire?”
The corners of the islander’s mouth twitched slightly — this indicated his extreme irritation and that he’d suppressed a smile.
“Your sarcasm, barbarian, will lead you to the house of your forefathers one day. I hope I won’t be nearby at that time, forced to follow you.”
“Are you serious?” Hadjar sighed sadly. “It really is as they say: only your true friends stand by you when times are dire.”
This time, Einen actually smiled.
“I’m not worried about Dahanatan or Darnassus. I’m worried about ‘The Holy Sky’ School.”
“Rahaim has already written letters of recommendation for us. With them, we’ll be able to participate in the examination for inner circle disciples.”
According to Paris and the Sage, there were a lot of different schools and sects in the Empire. All of them were divided into different ranks depending on their prestige and strength. There were so many of them that Hadjar hadn’t bothered to remember them all.
It was enough for him to know that ‘The Holy Sky’ School was considered to be one of the best Schools in Darnassus, and quite possibly the best overall. Of course, there was a constant struggle for the title of ‘best School’ among the ‘Holy Sky’ School, the ‘Meltwater’ School, the ‘Quick Dream’ School, the ‘Moonlight’ sect, the ‘Last Day’ sect, and about seven family clans.
These organizations were the Twelve Pillars that the power of Dahanatan and Darnassus was based on. The best cultivators from these organizations ruled the country.
However, there was a strict division within schools and sects. Anyone, even a commoner, could take part in an entrance exam, but they only had the right to fight to become an ordinary disciple. In reality, after passing the tests and receiving a school or sect badge, they would become a servant. In exchange for the opportunity to attain the smallest particle of knowledge and resources, they did menial work and helped the more successful disciples, who were the true focus of the schools and sects, with their assignments.
The next level of apprenticeship meant being a fully-fledged disciple. This position could be claimed by those who were nobility or had a recommendation from a fully-fledged disciple who already had a badge. For every ten ordinary disciples, there was usually only one fully-fledged member.
There were two more levels above that. A person could become an inner circle disciple only with the recommendation of people with considerable authority in the Empire, or if the School’s Master decreed it. Getting the latter recommendation was considered almost impossible, as it was very close to attaining the most prestigious rank — becoming a personal disciple.
Such disciples were given the rarest knowledge and resources, as well as mentoring from the best Masters of a School or sect. Despite the fact that most of the Masters had retired, they’d been very famous and prominent figures in the past. Their authority was on par with the high nobles of the Empire.
“Are you really that naive, my friend?”
Hadjar sighed, scratched his nose, then turned the pipe over in his hand and shook out the ash. It was immediately picked up by a cheerful wind and carried away somewhere to the west, where the vast lands of the Empire lay.
Surprisingly, while Dahanatan and Darnassus had once seemed like something unattainable and even incomprehensible to Hadjar, now he couldn’t even remember the names of all the people he’d met along the way. It was especially sad to realize that, even after travelling so far and for so long, he’d still stayed at the very beginning of his path.
“I know, Einen, that even with all our tricks, we won’t be able to look like sixteen-year-old teenagers.”
Einen nodded.
“Besides, my friend,” he added, “your bones are barely more than twelve years old. And mine are about nine.”
The dragon’s heart had granted Hadjar his third rebirth. It had renewed his body and spirit. The countdown of his age had begun from scratch. A similar thing had happened to Einen. His inhuman, purple eyes had been a gift from a Rainbow Fish. He’d earned this honor by rescuing a tiny fish out of a fishing net. He’d ended up rescuing one of the ‘children’ of that Rainbow Fish. Beasts on the path of cultivation could also have regular offspring, but they did so very rarely. His new eyes allowed Einen to see through the shadows.
“I’ve already passed a similar test,” Hadjar said, recalling his examination when he’d joined the army of Lidus. “The artifact that was used there could only tell if a person was older or younger, but not their exact age.”
“With all due respect to your ancestors, Lidus is truly a barbarian kingdom. I’m sure the best School in Darnassus has a slightly better artifact,” the islander emphasized the word ‘slightly’ in a mocking manner.
Hadjar looked at his friend with a frown, but said nothing. He couldn’t argue with Einen. For all their harshness, the words were still true. Compared to the ‘Holy Sky’ School, Moon Lin’s Army had been nothing more than a beetle crawling along a branch.
“You know, I’m probably just tired,” Hadjar said, shaking his head. “When the opportunity to take the easy way out came, I-”
A slap to the side of his head silenced Hadjar.
“Hey!” He said indignantly.
Einen withdrew his hand. With the same unreadable expression still on his face, he continued to stare into the distance.
“When a fish is tired, it falls asleep and floats up to the surface of the water belly-first. It seems to me like it’s the same among cultivators. We are Heaven Soldiers now, my friend. If we stray too far, we’ll disappear into the World River. So, it’s not time to let your fatigue overcome you just yet.”
Hadjar once again didn’t argue with his friend. Einen was right. However, the realization didn’t make it any easier.
“So what’s your plan, baldy?”
“We’ll become ordinary disciples, and from there, we’ll gradually earn the titles of inner circle disciples, and if we’re lucky, we’ll then find personal Mentors.”
Hadjar rested his chin on his hand and mumbled dejectedly:
“By the High Heavens, it’ll be a long road.”
Einen said nothing.
“By the Evening Stars!” Hadjar snapped. “I’m not leaving here without those damned letters of recommendation! I’m also going to extort a decent amount of money from Rahaim!”
Hadjar jumped to his feet, turned around, and headed back to Underworld City. Einen continued to sit on the edge of the cliff. He was smiling slightly.
Chapter 424
“I guess this is goodbye.”
A few people were standing on the sand at the foot of the mountain. Tilis hugged Hadjar tightly, and he returned the hug. They stood like this for a few moments. When they parted, there was regret in their eyes, regret for the days, weeks, and months of friendship they’d missed out on.
“I want you to have this.” The witch handed Hadjar an ornament.
He took it carefully and wove it into his hair. Now three strings of beads hung down the right side of his hair: two from the Bedouin shaman, which protected him from evil spirits, and one, no less precious, from the young witch whose brother he might’ve been. He treasured the third string of beads even more than the first two.
“I’m glad to have met such fine warriors,” Karissa said, holding out her hand. “Live free.”
“Die well,” Hadjar and Einen responded.
Paris and Ramukhan just smiled and saluted them. Receiving a similar response from the friends, they turned and walked back. Einen and Hadjar hadn’t liked the sorcerer from the very beginning. As for Paris, after their journey to the library, the friends couldn’t help but feel like the head of the Research Chamber of Underworld City had somehow deceived them. Maybe he hadn’t, but the feeling refused to go away.
Only Shakh was left standing in front of the duo. Not so long ago, he had been a passionate boy, but now he looked like a grown man who’d been through a lot. His face was scarred, and there was determination in his eyes.
“Are you sure you don’t want to come with us?”
Shakh stared at the two friends for a moment and then shook his head:
“I’ll go back to my hometown. I’ll tell my father how his brother died. I’ll tell Ilmena’s parents that she loved them.”
“And then?”
“Then…” Shakh exhaled. “I think Rahaim will agree to give me his caravan route. Or maybe I’ll just travel around the Sea of Sand. I’ll visit the Pearl and other cities.”
Shakh suddenly smiled and held out his hand:
“It was an honor to fight alongside you, Einen of the islands, and you, Hadjar of Lidus. However, this is my home, and this is where our paths diverge.”
Einen and Hadjar reciprocated the gesture and mounted their desert ravens.  “May the Evening Stars illuminate your path, Shakh of the Sea of Sand.”
Without turning around, they spurred the beasts on and took off. Shakh watched them disappear, kicking up clouds of sand in their wake. Maybe he would go to the western border and begin his journey across the vast world one day, but not right now. He touched the scarlet ribbon around his wrist that Ilmena had once used to tie her hair, turned around, and followed Paris and the others.
***
“Impressive, isn’t it?” Hadjar nudged Einen.
The islander mumbled something unintelligible in response. They stood on the edge of a small oasis. It was so tiny that it looked like a freshwater pond. And yet, it was deep enough to water hundreds of red-painted elephants.
After a week of mad racing, they’d managed to catch up with a noble caravan. The fare, even by the standards of the Empire’s Borderlands, was horrific— two Imperial coins per person.
However, Hadjar had decided that Rahaim had to give them not just letters of recommendation (which had, in fact, turned out to be more or less useless to them), but also a huge amount of money — fifty Imperial coins. Each. So, Einen and Hadjar were now wealthy travelers. Considering that one of them had the Patriarch’s fortune stored in his spatial ring, it could even be said that they were very wealthy.
“Who are you?” A caravan guard asked, nocking his bow.
He was a stocky desert dweller wrapped in a white caftan and turban, and he radiated the energy of a practitioner close to becoming a true cultivator. Therefore, he was understandably a bit wary of two true cultivators suddenly coming up to his caravan.
“Travelers,” Hadjar answered. “We’d like to buy two passenger seats in your caravan.”
The guard chuckled derisively.
“You don’t look like you can afford a piece of my elephant’s dung, let alone a seat. Get out of here!”
Hadjar and Einen looked at each other, shrugged, and demonstrated that they had the necessary funds. The guard grumbled something and directed them to a person responsible for the sale of passenger seats. By nightfall, the formalities were settled and the friends had a private coach at their disposal. Unlike Rahaim’s caravan, it wasn’t drawn by desert mules. In fact, nothing pulled it at all. It rested on the back of a huge elephant.
***
A journey that might’ve taken at least two years in a simple caravan lasted only a month and a half. On the morning of the fortieth day, after descending from their coach, they found themselves on the border between the desert and the Eastern provinces of the Empire.
After thanking the caravan driver for taking care of them, they untied their desert ravens and rode toward the hills to the west. The sand was gradually replaced by dry ground. Small bushes started appearing, then tall bushes, and at some point, they found themselves in a coniferous forest.
When they entered the forest, Hadjar stopped his raven for a few minutes. Closing his eyes, he took a deep breath. The pleasure he experienced at that moment was difficult to describe in words. It was like hugging your loved ones after a long time apart.
They emerged from the undergrowth onto a broad plateau. There was a smooth, green valley below them. It was divided in half by a rapid, winding river. It lapped at the banks and turned a mill wheel. In the distance, the black smoke of a forge swirled. Numerous villages surrounded the cliff where an Imperial city stood, right on the border.
“By the High Heavens…”
“By the Great Turtle…”
The friends gasped with delight. The city was so huge that it could easily accommodate two capitals of Lidus. Its huge towers and massive walls were decorated with long, red flags. Instead of spires, stone statues of dragons spreading their wings rose into the air. Rows of carts loaded with a variety of goods crept slowly over a drawbridge. A huge number of people riding creatures of all stripes stood in a queue.
“Fucking hell,” Einen said.
Since he very rarely cursed, Hadjar immediately followed the direction of his friend’s gaze. He was watching a black dot in the sky. As the dot grew larger, its outline became visible — it was a small sailing boat! Flying through the sky, the sailboat covered more than a mile every second! Soon, it left the two friends standing there, gaping, and disappeared behind the walls of the city.
“Now I know why Paris smiled when we told him about the hundred coins,” the islander grumbled. “I think, Hadjar, that we barely have enough to pay for the journey to Dahanatan.”
Hadjar swallowed and nodded a little stiffly. Paris had told them that their upcoming journey would be very simple and go by quickly, but that it’d be breathtaking. He’d promised that they would see things any mortal would have died to witness.
“Let’s keep going.” Hadjar spurred his desert raven onward.
They crossed the gorge and entered the city. The guards collected the toll, a quarter of a coin! For each of them! As they entered through a huge archway, they found themselves on an avenue so wide that it could comfortably fit six carriages side by side. The number of people of various nationalities and levels of cultivation was staggering.
Hadjar, who was looking for a port on the map Paris had given him, had figured that they would need to sail down a river. However, just half an hour ago, he’d learned that the Empire could truly surprise him. When they reached the pier, it did so once more. Apart from the oddity of a small sailing frigate floating on a dense cumulus cloud that was moored to a pier, it really was a most ordinary port.
As they climbed the ladder, they asked a boatswain how much it would cost to travel to the capital.
“Sixteen coins,” he said, in between shouting something to the sailors. “Each.”
Cursing Paris and Rahaim, the friends climbed aboard. They didn’t have much of a choice. If they rode their desert ravens, it would take them about twenty-one years to reach the capital through all the lands of the Empire, provided that they didn’t make a single stop, of course.
During their flight, they had to help the sailors and servants defend from harpies, repel the attacks of sky pirates, survive two storms, one of which was created by a creature so powerful that the captain had to use an artifact at the Lord level to drive it away, survive a disease similar to scurvy, not to mention almost falling off the edge of the ship several times and other dangerous adventures.
By the third week, their new clothes had turned into tattered rags, the frigate was barely able to stay in the air, and at the end, it almost crashed into the beautiful emerald domes of Dahanatan.
The miserly captain refused to give even a small reward to the friends for their assistance. So, after wandering through the labyrinthine streets of the seemingly endless city, they finally found themselves in front of a huge gate.   
Chapter 425
While on board, Hadjar had been able to fully appreciate the splendor of the capital of Darnassus. The city spread out across a vast plain covered with meadows and lakes.
Its walls were about 65 feet high, and so wide that several houses could be built on their parapets. Stately palaces and castles rose within the city, and in the center was a forbidden region. Covered in a magical, cloud-like veil, it was hidden from view, but it made Dahanatan seem even more magnificent. Its streets were as wide as avenues, and its avenues were as wide as trade routes. Dozens of flying ships hovered in the sky above the city, and hundreds of skyboats and countless cultivators riding various winged creatures were taking off and landing everywhere.
The streets were filled with citizens so diverse that Hadjar sometimes saw peoples that South Wind had mentioned only in ancient legends.
All the Schools in Dahanatan didn’t just have massive and beautiful gates, but were also situated on high ground. It looked extremely magical. Huge chunks of earth seemed to have been carved out of the ground and shaped by a giant artist. The streets leading to the Schools ended in a thirty-foot cliff, atop which, on the smooth surface of the plateau, stood the Schools’ many pavilions and castles.
The city was so huge that a mere mortal couldn’t cross it on foot, going from one end to the other, in less than two weeks.
After landing, Hadjar and Einen walked through the streets, sometimes stopping at different shops. Mostly at bookshops, weapon shops, and alchemical shops. The abundance that was presented to them surpassed the auction of Underworld City. Any practitioner or cultivator from outlying kingdoms could find everything that they’d ever dreamed of here.
However, the prices made the friends’ hearts weep. For some of the Technique scrolls, the merchants would ask for up to a hundred coins; for artifacts at the Heaven level — one hundred and fifty coins was the minimum. The prices in the alchemy shops started at one thousand coins.
“Today is the fifth day of the exams...” everyone murmured.
“The penultimate day!” Someone added excitedly.
“Cultivators from all over the country have come to the city to try their luck!”
Hadjar and Einen were upset to find that they’d arrived on the fifth day of the exams. When they’d left Underworld City, they’d calculated their travel time so that they would reach the capital with time to spare. If everything had gone smoothly, they would’ve arrived a week before the start of the exams. Unfortunately, due to numerous delays along the way, they were almost late.
The majestic gates of ‘The Holy Sky’ School resembled the front of a fortress: they were massive and heavy, built into the wall that covered part of the rock atop which the school itself was located. There were many people gathered at the foot of the stone-paved square. They were all waiting for noon — the hour when the gates would open and anyone could enter the outer courtyard of the school, where the exam would be taking place.
“Impressive, isn’t it?” Einen asked breathlessly.
Hadjar was about to reply when something hit him gently in the back of the head. He turned and saw a leather ball rolling across the square. The children who had thrown the toy had disappeared. As he stooped to grab it, Hadjar felt something hit his head again. This time, it was a drop of rain. One, then another, then a third, until a real downpour began.
“Rain!” Hadjar shouted. “It’s rain!”
With his arms outstretched, grinning like a little kid, he stood in the pouring rain and angled his face toward it. He allowed the rain to wash away all the dirt, dust, and sand from his body. It was the long-awaited rain he hadn’t felt for three long years.  Since leaving Lidus, he hadn’t seen a single drop fall from the sky. And now he was enjoying its coolness while most people hid under umbrellas and awnings.
“My friend,” Einen said.
Hadjar opened his eyes and saw the islander standing on one leg and kicking the ball into the air with the other. The game called football didn’t exist in this world. Instead, they had the popular game called ‘Sun’. A player needed to juggle a ball with their feet, then pass it to another player. The one who couldn’t receive, juggle, and then send the ball back would lose the game.
Neither Hadjar nor Einen, who was equally happy to see the rain, cared that the square immediately turned into a muddy mess because of the downpour. They were laughing, rolling around in the mud, and kicking the ball everywhere. The people around them looked at them with disdain. Hadjar didn’t even notice that they were being watched. It wasn’t because the people were interested in their antics, but because there was absolutely nothing else to do while waiting for the gates to open.
Soon, the attention of the crowd was drawn by a more fascinating sight: on the opposite side of the street from Einen and Hadjar, two applicants had started a fight. Both were at the middle stage of the Heaven Soldier level. Despite the fact that they looked like young men in the prime of their lives, they couldn’t have been more than twelve years old. The process of becoming a true cultivator affected the body’s structure too much. It left the cultivator’s body as perfect as its genes allowed.
Hadjar, after going in for another lunge and almost landing face down in the mud, thought he was seeing things. After a couple of blinks, he realized that he wasn’t. Across the street from him, a figure moved toward the square, standing out in the crowd like a white star in the night sky. A girl was riding a powerful, six-legged horse. Her pink skin looked impossibly soft, as if it had never been touched by water, light, or wind. Her white hair, lush and wavy, framed a perfectly round face. Her almond-shaped, blue eyes regarded the two friends with disdain and indifference. All she wore was a kind of leather vest that covered her stomach and chest, but left her arms and back bare. Tapering at the base of her belly in a tempting triangle, it abruptly transitioned into her pants. This seemingly ordinary outfit, when viewed through the World River, turned out to be a very valuable artifact. Surely, if she so desired, it could easily transform into full leather armor.
However, it wasn’t her armor, nor her aura of a Heaven Soldier at the advanced stage, nor even the maddening beauty of the blue pendant on the girl’s chest that had attracted Hadjar’s attention. He was staring at her... ears. They were long and pointed. They peeked out from under her hair and were about three inches long.
“What’s the matter?” Einen asked Hadjar.
“By the High Heavens, is that an elf?”
“I’m surprised you’ve even heard of them, my friend.”
Hadjar had indeed heard of elves. However, he’d heard of them on Earth! He’d had no idea that there were other intelligent races in this world besides humans!
Although, now he understood why the Shadows, when speaking about the Land of Immortals, had always referred to them as ‘beings’. Damn it! If there were elves here, then somewhere under the sun, there were also-
Hadjar’s thoughts were interrupted by a sudden message. It flashed before his eyes, reminding him of the old days:
[System notification!
The neural network has finished rebooting!
Would you like to update the interface?]
Hadjar shook his head. The neural network should’ve been at least a year and a half away from being rebooted. However, his breakthrough to a new level of cultivation had probably affected the speed of the reboot.
Anyway, he had no choice but to accept. There was only a ‘Yes’ button under the message. He’d learned so much over the years that the neural network needed urgent recalibration. He was so glad to finally have it back!
[Update started!
Approximate time needed: 72 days, 13 hours, 52 minutes, 49... 48... 47 seconds!]
His rejoicing had been premature…
At that moment, the gates of ‘The Holy Sky’ School opened and a white-haired man wearing green robes appeared in front of the silent crowd. He looked around calmly and thundered:
“The fifth day of the exams begins now!”
Chapter 426
After shaking off the dirt (which only ended up staining their clothes further, making the friends’ appearance even more unpleasant), Hadjar and Einen joined the crowd. ‘The Holy Sky’ School allowed spectators to attend the exam as well. In fact, it even encouraged it: each spectator was someone who might go on to spread the word of how the best of the best of the younger generation had come to their School to participate in their trials. After all, you could never have enough prestige.
“Watch where you’re going!” Hadjar was shoved in the shoulder.
“Master, you’ve been dirtied by the masses.”
A white silk handkerchief was handed to the young man who had pushed Hadjar. He wiped his hands carelessly, and, after throwing the handkerchief away, he moved on. Two old men and a young, pretty girl trotted after him. The young man, dressed in white robes, had a coat of arms on his back depicting two swords crossed within a strange hieroglyph. 
“That’s the Predatory Blades clan crest,” Einen whispered in his friend’s ear. “They’re one of the seven family clans.”
“I know,” Hadjar said.
He looked at the people around him through the World River. Once again, he was made aware of the fact that this world was much larger than it had once seemed to him from the walls of the Palace of Lidus. While ordinary people had meridians as wide as the thinnest thread, the young man from the ancient family had meridians as wide as the branch of a shrub.
The young man had a sword that shone with energy so bright that there was no doubt about it: it was an Imperial level artifact. Its owner radiated an aura no lower than a Heaven Soldier at the middle stage. What was even more shocking was the fact that his servants, including the young girl, were at the Spirit Knight level.
“Do you see it?” Hadjar whispered.
Einen nodded.
“At fifteen, she is already a Spirit Knight,” the islander replied.
The girl definitely wasn’t sixteen yet. After they’d advanced to the level of true cultivators, their perception had sharpened so much that it was simple for them to determine someone’s age at first glance. Barring, of course, the various Techniques and artifacts that might’ve concealed it.
“Her meridians,” Hadjar squinted, “they’re thicker than the others’ meridians, but thinner than that bastard’s.”
The young man, who hadn’t gone very far, stopped in surprise and turned sharply toward the friends.
“How dare you look at me, worm?”
He shouted and held out his right hand. Swirls formed around it, shaped like blades. On top of everything, the boy was also a Wielder!
Hadjar prepared to block his attack, but the crowd took a step toward a platform that rose behind the gates. The crowd carried the member of the Predatory Blades clan up with them, leaving Hadjar and Einen behind, waiting for their turn.
Despite the fact that the platform was huge and could accommodate more than three hundred people at a time, there were still about twenty times as many left behind in the square. During the exams, up to two hundred thousand people could come to ‘The Holy Sky’ School. About two-thirds of them would come to take part in the exams themselves.
“I don’t think it was a good idea to mock him,” Einen said, shaking his head.
“I didn’t mean it like that!” Hadjar said indignantly. “I don’t care enough about the clans’ children to mock them…”
Hadjar was no fool. That young girl walking behind her master could’ve defeated Sankesh with ease. Even if the young man had been alone, what could he realistically do against a young man raised as part of an ancient family of swordsmen? He’d probably eaten alchemical pills for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, took elixir baths, and trained with the best Masters and Teachers since childhood. Not to mention the Imperial level sword he carried.
While waiting for the platform to return, Hadjar decided to look around through the World River. Plunging mentally into the endless stream of power, he looked at the people around him. Their silhouettes mingled and merged into a single haze of energy. Some looked like small sparks, others like a torch burning in the dark, but there were also people that shone with power, like a fallen star flying through the night sky. There were so many geniuses and even monsters in this crowd that Hadjar began to think that, even if they were to use Rahaim’s letter, they wouldn’t pass the examination for ordinary disciples, let alone the inner circle ones.
The platform soon came back down. The crowd carried Hadjar and Einen onto the iron platform. Ten seconds later, hieroglyphs lit up at the edges and the elevator went up. The higher they climbed, the more clear it became that many people were crowding around on the square. What was most frightening was that there were tens of thousands of Heaven Soldiers among them! Hadjar staggered, but grabbed hold of Einen’s shoulder just in time. Instead of arresting his stumble, he almost knocked his friend, who was also shaken, to the ground.
“Did you ever imagine you’d live long enough to see something like that?” The islander leaned heavily on his staff.
By the standards of the islands and the barbarian kingdoms, true cultivators were akin to legends. Many didn’t even believe it was possible to advance to this level of power. And here, on the day of the exams, an insane number of them had gathered, and they were all under the age of sixteen.
The Darnassus Empire occupied a vast territory. It was hard to imagine how many billions of people inhabited it, considering it could produce thousands of young Heaven Soldiers.
When they reached a height of 130 feet, the iron platform froze. The crowd began to move again, and like a living ocean, it carried the two friends out into a clearing. Standing ankle-deep in the green, cropped grass, they found themselves in an even larger crowd than was still waiting at the foot of the gates.
The school grounds were the furthest thing from what Hadjar had imagined. There were no walls, no tall buildings, nor any pavilions. In the center of the entire complex stood a seven-story tower, wide enough to fit two houses at its base. On the opposite side from the tower stood the walls of an oval arena. Behind it were dozens of small, white stone buildings with windows. Hadjar couldn’t guess their purpose.
The crowd divided into three parts. The first and most numerous part moved toward the arch of plain stone. Another herald was standing beside it. He was wearing gray clothes without wrinkles, and he had gray hair.
“If you wish to take the ordinary disciples’ apprentice test, please come here.”
After exchanging glances, Hadjar and Einen joined this crowd.
A still wide, but much less numerous, stream of people moved toward the arch in the center. It was golden, with a huge hieroglyph etched in the middle, and it stood behind a herald in blue robes — a slender and beautiful middle-aged woman.
“The trial for fully-fledged disciples will begin soon.”
There were only a few people walking through the last, jade arch, which was being overseen by a man in black. Among them, Hadjar noticed both the elf girl and the young man from the Predatory Blades clan. He wasn’t surprised to see that they had chosen this particular test. It was the most prestigious position new students of ‘The Holy Sky’ School could hope for.
“Don’t get distracted,” Einen said.
As they passed through the archway, they were suddenly cut off from the noise of the world around them. Behind them, the barely visible borders of the veil shimmered, and a hidden building appeared ahead of them.
The crowd stood on a platform, and below them, in a wide square, was a table where the exam overseers sat: five bored middle-aged men and one young, haughty man wearing a white robe.
Behind them, twenty yards from the table, a glass globe lay on a tripod. A rainbow cloud swirled inside it, radiating a very strange energy.
“By the High Heavens,” Hadjar breathed out, awed. “I swear I couldn’t even feel the veil!”
“It would seem, my friend, that we’ve made the right choice.”
Einen was referring to their decision to start from the bottom. Hadjar agreed with the islander. It was unlikely that they would be able to pass the exam for the ordinary disciples, let alone the fully-fledged ones.
After ten minutes of agonized waiting, the herald came out from behind the crowd.
“Let us begin.” The veil closed the stone archway.
Chapter 427
Hadjar decided that he didn’t want to try and calculate the approximate number of Heaven Soldiers in the Darnassus Empire. Their number surely exceeded the combined ranks of all the armies of Lidus. Such power was frightening as well as shocking and didn’t even factor in those true cultivators that had left the Heaven Soldier level behind.
“We’ll start our examination immediately,” the man continued. “Dalit, you know what to do.”
“Yes, Master Jean,” the robed young man said disgustedly, and muttered: “What a stupid thing to do…”
“You will now be directly subjected to the power of one of our inner circle disciples.” The Master said calmly. Whispers of surprise and admiration went through the ranks of hopeful prospects and spectators. The inner circle disciples of ‘The Holy Sky’ School had an immeasurably high status. “Those who can’t withstand it will be immediately expelled from our School.”
Hadjar, dipping back into the World River, looked at the young man named Dalit. Through the River, he looked like a massive tree full of power. His accursed meridians were almost twice as thick as the Predatory Blades clan guy’s had been and he was at the middle stage of the Spirit Knight level.
“Start when-”
Before the examiner could give the command, Dalit placed his hand down on the table casually. The thick wooden tabletop crumbled into splinters, forming a hole in the shape of a hand. The examiners leapt to their feet, but Hadjar didn’t see them do so. He felt as if a mountain had been dropped on his shoulders, and at the same time, as if someone had slapped his soul hard enough to rattle it.
By the High Heavens, this boy, who was no older than twenty, could’ve fought Traves on equal terms and easily defeated the dragon! Sunshine Sankesh and Ragar would’ve been nothing more than a nuisance to him.
Hadjar had to use all of his energy, but even then, he could only push the ‘mountain’ away briefly, and couldn’t throw it off his shoulders. The people around him, spitting blood, fell to their knees or even completely collapsed. They were instantly enveloped in green sparks and disappeared. Apparently, they’d been sent back to the square below.
After just seven seconds of enduring the pressure, only one and a half of the twenty thousand initial exam takers remained.
Dalit, as if he hadn’t played cat and mouse enough already, placed his other hand down on the table as well. The pressure immediately increased fivefold. Now Hadjar, too, was down on one knee, forced to bow by the young man’s power. Clenching his teeth and snarling like a wounded beast, he reached for the hilt of his simple sword. Summoning his knowledge of the Way of the Sword, he imagined it merging with his energy to form a sword around his body.
The broad, sharp blade swaddled him. Compared to the mountain that was Dalit’s power, it looked like a reed swaying in the wind, but even so, it slightly weakened the pressure. It was almost imperceptible, but enough for Hadjar to hold out for another three seconds. As he fought against the enormous power, he couldn’t hear the examiners’ discussion.
“Why is Dalit with us today?” One of them asked.
“He made a bet with someone,” the chief examiner answered. “He claimed that he could ensure that only a tenth of the disciples we normally get enter our School this year.”
“So be it,” the man sitting on the far end chuckled. “These incompetent weaklings are only fit to fetch water and iron our clothes. We have enough servants already. How many ordinary disciples do we have? Twenty, forty thousand?”
“Thirty-seven thousand and six hundred,” the lead examiner said. “That’s barely enough to gather all the resources we need from the Forest of Shadows and the Valley of Swamps. Or will you, honorable Markin, go out and get your ingredients yourself?”
Markin didn’t reply. He glanced at Dalit, who was ranked as the ninth strongest disciple of the School, sighed, and propped his chin dejectedly on his hand. The only entertainment he’d have in the near future was to watch the flashes of green sparks light up around the nonentities who had come to take the exam.
Mentor Jean was right: Markin didn’t want to waste his precious time on menial work, and neither did dozens of other Mentors and inner circle disciples. That was why the school recruited so many pseudo disciples. They weren’t allowed to attend lectures, visit the libraries, the Treasury, or the Armory. They couldn’t even walk around the School grounds freely. Only a faint hope kept these wretches from abandoning their hopeless pursuit.
Those who became ordinary disciples almost never progressed further. It was impossible for people of their level of power and talent.
Suddenly, several people caught Markin’s eye. Despite the fact that Dalit was already using seventy-five percent of his maximum power, about a dozen examinees were still able to stay on their feet and seemed to be fighting against the pressure.
Every year, some modestly talented people came here, only to perish in the Forest of Shadows or the Valley of Swamps.
“That’s enough, Dalit.”
The personal disciple of one of the School’s Mentors raised his hands. The pressure disappeared and the examinees sucked in air greedily. There were about three hundred of them left in the square now. If Dalit had used even the weakest of his Techniques, nobody knew how many of them would’ve lost their lives after just one attack. 
“May I leave now, Mentor Jean?” The young man’s tone was still bored and annoyed.
“Yes.”
Dalit rose, took a step to the side, and… disappeared into thin air. He moved so quickly that he didn’t disturb the grass or even make a sound.
Hadjar had never seen anything like it. Breathing heavily and wiping the sweat from his brow, he wasn’t discouraged or afraid. On the contrary, he thanked the High Heavens for the opportunity to test himself so completely. The greater the pressure, the stronger the steel became. The same theory applied to cultivators. Only by overcoming the impossible could a person become capable of the unthinkable.
“Congratulations! You’ve passed the first test.” Mentor Jean clapped twice. “Now on to the second part. You need to come up to this ball and touch it. Those who are older than sixteen will also be expelled from our school grounds.”
The examinees lined up without a fuss. One by one, they went over to the ball on the tripod and, upon touching it, tensed in anticipation. If nothing happened for three seconds, one of the Mentors led them over to the prepared circles that were each a different color.
“We came to the right place, my friend.” Einen whispered. “I sense many people here who could defeat me with ease.”
“Yep.” Hadjar agreed.
“We should make the most of this opportunity.”
Einen walked over to the ball. He put his hand on it and waited anxiously. Large drops of sweat rolled down his forehead. A second later, the rainbow haze began to move. The islander held his breath and Hadjar prayed to the High Heavens. The rainbow haze clung to the inside of the ball. It took the shape of Einen’s hand and... moved back.
One of the Mentors led the islander over to the gray circle.
Hadjar came up to the ball after his friend. In his case, the ball held the shape of his palm for a second longer, but also retreated. Another Mentor led him to the black circle.
During the simple procedure, a sizeable number of people were eliminated. Some of them had used artifacts, trying to hide their age. The rainbow haze electrocuted them. Still writhing around on the floor in agony, they were enveloped in green sparks and then disappeared. Others, who’d simply decided to try their luck, were immediately sent back to the city. There were also those whom the haze, stretching out like a snake, would beat with a force comparable to fully-fledged lashes of the whip. Howling in pain, they too disappeared in a shower of sparks.
As a result, after getting acquainted with the ball, only a couple hundred people remained in the exam.
Chapter 428
The bored skepticism on the other examiners’ faces didn’t escape Hadjar’s notice. They clearly didn’t think it possible. Hadjar smiled. So be it. Even if no ordinary disciple had ever become an inner circle disciple before, Hadjar would be the first to reach the top of the ranks from the bottom rungs. It was the only way he could fulfill his vows.
At that moment, Hadjar’s eyes flashed with a determination so strong and sharp that it was able to attract the attention of Examiner Markin. Looking at the ragged man in dirty clothes, he noticed the red tattoo on his arm. His eyes widened in surprise. A Name? Here? Among these incompetents, whose power was barely enough to allow them to be ranked as mere losers?
A moment later, his surprise turned to joy. What luck! He had been searching for a Named One for a long time. However, the stronger a Named One was, the harder it was to strip them of their Name.
I only need sixteen more Names to complete the Hundred Voices pill. With it, I can break through to the next level of Weapon Mastery!
Still looking disinterested, the examiner began to watch the ragged man. He didn’t care whether the man passed the last test or not. The examiner wondered what kind of hardships this ragged man had gone through if he had such a strong heart at such a young age. Unfortunately, his experience wouldn’t help him against Markin. It was sad, though. By harnessing such willpower and talent, he might’ve overcome the shackles of his worthlessness… Such a bright and strong Name would be the perfect ingredient for his Hundred Voices pill. As soon as Markin found the other fifteen Named Ones he needed, he would come for the vagabond. It was unlikely that he would be able to become strong enough to resist the Soul Technique of a cultivator at the initial stage of the Lord level in that time.
“Your last test will be the simplest, and at the same time, the most difficult,” Mentor Jean waved his hand.
Hadjar could only sense a small disturbance in the energy flow, but he didn’t understand what was going on. Prompted by a wave of the examiner’s hand, a tall stele appeared in the center of each circle. They seemed to have grown out of the ground, as if the sand had suddenly compressed into a single stone monolith.
“The steles you see before you are incredibly strong. Anyone who can even scratch one will be granted one of these.”
Mentor Jean held up his hand. A triangular medallion glinted between his fingers. Made of silver, it had a small stone in the center of a complex pattern. Another wave of whispers rose up among the examinees. It was their first time seeing the medallion of ‘The Holy Sky’ School and it was difficult for them to believe that all they had to do to get it was leave the slightest of cuts on a stele.
“Excuse me, honorable Mentor Jean,” a young man of about fifteen stepped forward. “Did I hear you correctly? In order to become a disciple at your school, I only need to scratch this stele?”
“Yes, that’s right, young warrior. Just keep in mind that you, like everyone else, will only have one try. So, I would advise you to use your strongest Technique.”
The examiner’s response still didn’t calm the young man down.
“What about an artifact? Can I use my artifact?”
“Yes, you can,” Mentor Jean nodded. “But only if it’s below the Imperial level.”
Silence enveloped the square. An Imperial level weapon? The cheapest ones cost at least six thousand coins. It was unlikely that a commoner (and all the cultivators gathered here were commoners), no matter how lucky they were, could’ve gotten their hands on such a treasure.
“Very well!” The young man shouted. “Then I, Bazil, the strongest warrior of Rasla village, will be the first to receive a medallion today!”
He took out a huge hammer resting on his back. A vortex of steel-colored energy swirled around Bazil. With a roar, he brought the shining hammer down on the stele. The impact was so strong that the wave of energy that spread out from the point of contact shattered the stones beneath. When the dust settled, the rest of the examinees watched Bazil disappear in a shower of green sparks.
“No!” He shouted faintly over the heads of the others.
There wasn’t a single mark on the stele.
“Next!” The examiners shouted in unison.
After that, a bunch of cultivators tried to leave at least a small crack on the stele. Many of them succeeded. But they only left behind really small scratches.
Powerful shots from a bow, where the arrow turned into a log thrown by a giant, left only a scratch. A blow with a gauntlet that was so powerful it made the ground rumble left only a scratch. A firestorm that turned into a crescent which melted the sand and turned it into glass left only a scratch. A spear thrust enveloped by a whirlwind left only a scratch. Dozens of powerful Techniques, the sight of which would once have made Hadjar feel like an unskilled child, were capable of inflicting only minor damage. Some even ended with their unlucky wielders being sent back to the city.
Everyone who succeeded received a medallion and stepped aside. There were about a hundred and fifty of them now. Only fifty examinees were left.
“Holy fuck!” Someone shouted.
Hadjar turned at the sound and smiled broadly. Einen, covered in iridescent scales, was trying to pull his staff-spear out of the stele. It had sunk almost a dozen inches into the column.
“Well done.” Mentor Jean said. “It’s not every year that someone who can damage the stele like that comes along.”
“Thank you for your kind words, honorable Mentor,” the islander bowed, and after receiving his badge, walked away to join the other lucky warriors. They looked at him as if he were a monster and hastily moved away, avoiding him. Finally, it was Hadjar’s turn. He was the last one.
He summoned the sleeping dragon from the depths of his soul. It was as long as his arm now. Shaking off its drowsiness, it flew into Hadjar’s mental body.
In the physical world, the black cloak, which looked as if it had been woven out of black fog, appeared across his shoulders. Wisps of the fog were separated from it by gusts of wind, but it instantly restored itself. The black blade appeared in his hands. It turned out that the Black Sword that Hadjar could now summon to reality was much stronger than the cheap artifact sword he’d bought.
“What a strange Call.” Jean muttered to himself.
Markin was so excited that he could barely stop himself from giggling. Such a Named One would certainly be the perfect final ingredient for his Hundred Voices pill and would even advance it to a new level! The gods clearly favored Markin.
Hadjar sighed and summoned all his energy and all his knowledge of the Way of the Sword Spirit. A storm of blue-black energy swirled around him. The cloak and sword condensed for a moment, and Hadjar shouted:
“Sixth stance: Wind!”
Leaving behind ghostly silhouettes, he moved a dozen yards in an instant and appeared right behind the stele. The crowd held their breath. They all saw the same monolith, which appeared unharmed. However, Hadjar hadn’t been whisked away by the green sparks.
Einen cleared his throat and hit the ground with his staff. With a terrible creak and a loud crash, the top half of the stele slid off and then fell to the ground. Utter silence followed. After a moment, Mentor Jean pulled himself together and proclaimed:
“Welcome to ‘The Holy Sky’ School!”
Chapter 429
“First of all, let me congratulate you all on passing the exam.” He began his annual speech. He repeated it so often that he might end up remembering it after his rebirth. “Now, follow me. I’ll tell you all about your life in our abode of knowledge and power.”
A shiver ran down Hadjar’s spine. He turned around. Over the years of wars in Lidus and his travels through the Sea of Sand, he’d managed to develop a sense for danger. Right now, it was blaring almost as loudly as an ambulance. The other examiners gradually disappeared behind the curtain. One of them — a tall, thin, gray-haired man — quickly looked away.
“Tell me honestly, Einen, am I being paranoid?” Hadjar whispered in his friend’s ear.
The islander looked at the examiner.
“I’m usually the paranoid one of the two of us,” the islander replied. “However, right now, whatever you’re feeling, we should be careful. This place is full of incredible opportunities, but a quick death is inevitable if we get careless.”
Hadjar nodded. Since ancient times, the capital of the Empire had attracted many adventurers, mercenaries… Those who, like the two friends, had tried to progress further along the path of cultivation. Many people flocked to Dahanatan. They were all wildly different, but united by one common feature — most of them disappeared without a trace.
The new ordinary disciples passed through the stone archway. It took their breath away. A few hours ago, they’d climbed up to the school, but they hadn’t seen all the school buildings. Only now did Hadjar realize that what he’d seen had been just the tip of the iceberg. The vast expanses of ‘The Holy Sky’ School included not only a tower, an arena, and several other premises, but also vast fields, forests, hills, and parade grounds. And everywhere you looked, training sessions were in full swing.
Spurred on by the harsh shouts of Mentors, hundreds of disciples were fighting on the parade grounds. Others, sitting atop the hills, were deeply immersed in meditation. Waterfalls cascaded down onto their shoulders. They flowed down their hands and into a lake. Some were having philosophical lessons. They were sitting in a semicircle around a Sage, who was telling them about the path of cultivation. The disciples asked questions and he answered every one of them patiently.
There were plenty of various residential premises. Some were full and overcrowded, some were empty. Some looked very ordinary and even poor, while others were richer and seemed massive. Not far from the tower stood ten separate, very presentable houses. Even a noble wouldn’t have been ashamed to live in one of them.
“Don’t act so surprised, disciples.” Mentor Jean said, leading the group along a wide, yellow paved road. “Our School is open to visitors from the city. Officials and nobles often come here. Many of them were once disciples of our School. I will say that the medallion you’ll earn once you graduate will remain with you for the rest of your life.”
“What do we have to do to graduate?” One of the girls asked.
Mentor Jean laughed.
“Young lady, you’ve just gotten here and are already dreaming of your final exam? Everything in due time. What was I talking about... Oh, right. We are open to any visitors. However, there are also visitors who’ve never worn our badge. That’s why we have the veil that hides a large part of ‘The Holy Sky’ School from the rest of the world.”
“But why?”
Jean didn’t turn around. Hadjar, walking at the front of the column of disciples, felt that the Mentor’s aura was hidden. Even so, it was clearly at a level beyond that of Traves in his true form. It was stronger than the aura of the inner circle disciple, Dalit, from the exam. “In addition to the Tournament of Twelve, which will take place in just a few years, Schools sometimes go to war with each other for resources or for the title of the most prestigious School. So, we don’t see much point in supplying potential enemies with any information.”
Hadjar had heard a bit about the wars between Imperial schools. They were always waged with the tacit approval of The Darnassus military. However, there was one immutable law (because of which the School floated above the city): the war mustn’t spread beyond the territory of the attacked school. Otherwise, the punishing hand of the Emperor would ‘caress’ both institutions.
As they strolled along, Hadjar listened to Jean and looked at the other disciples. Most of them, like him, wore silver tokens on their chests. Gold ones were much rarer, emerald ones even rarer, and you almost never saw wooden ones. Due to some strange custom, the wooden tokens were reserved for the personal disciples of the School Masters and Mentors.
Every time he looked at the cultivators around him, Hadjar couldn’t help but compare them to the only measure of power he knew: the Shadow of Traves and Traves in his true form. Most of the disciples with the emerald tokens could fight Traves’ Shadow on equal terms. Some of them could even hurt it. A few of the inner circle disciples who’d participated in the exam could probably defeat his Shadow. But only Mentor Jean could’ve fought Traves in his true, dragon form.
Jean pointed to a row of simple, four-story buildings:
“Those are the dormitories of fully-fledged disciples. Everyone has their own room, with everything they need for meditation and personal cultivation.”
Hadjar quickly counted the windows. It turned out that, on average, about three thousand fully-fledged disciples lived in ‘The Holy Sky’ School at any given moment.
“On the opposite side,” Jean gestured to the right. They saw two-story buildings that were far more luxurious. “Are the homes of the inner circle disciples. The rooms there are much more spacious and comfortable.”
Hadjar made the new calculations: about a hundred and fifty people.
“And those are the private homes of the top ten core disciples.”
“Top ten core disciples?” The same girl who’d asked the first question asked.
“Yes,” Jean said. “There aren’t many core disciples in the school. There’s rarely more than twenty of them. Most of them are at the top of the Jade Cloud list.”
“And what’s that?”
Jean smiled, but his eyes were full of gloom, doom, and overwhelming boredom.
“All in due time,” the Mentor answered. “By the way, only the inner circle disciples are allowed to leave the school grounds freely. They often use that privilege, and some of them even live in the city.”
Einen and Hadjar looked at each other. There was no doubt that the islander had also tried to count the number of various disciples. However, it turned out that their information wasn’t particularly accurate. Give or take twenty to thirty people.
“By the way, I forgot to tell you this.”  Hadjar guessed he hadn’t forgotten, and had omitted the information on purpose. “As soon as you accepted the Academy badge, you took an oath not to divulge the information you receive here. This applies not only to any information about the School, but also to all the Techniques and knowledge that you may master during your time here.”
Hadjar touched his medallion involuntarily. In principle, there was nothing too worrisome about such an oath. It didn’t bind him in any way, and it was a perfectly normal precaution.
“Now, let’s continue our introductory session in the Treasure Tower.”
Such a simple, but oh so mesmerizing name — the Treasure Tower.
Chapter 430
Up close, the tower looked even more imposing than it did from a distance. It was conical in shape and had seven floors. Images of dancing dragons, soaring phoenixes, and peacocks swirled around its facade. The latter were a symbol of the Empire. Its coat of arms was a depiction of a peacock feather assuming the form of the ‘power’ hieroglyph.
“Gatekeeper.” Mentor Jean bowed low.
“Young Jean.” An old man wearing a grey, patched cape smiled. He sat on a chair near the entrance and looked dispassionately at his possessions. “I haven’t seen you here for a long time.”
“I was here yesterday, Gatekeeper.”
“Yesterday. Today. A hundred years ago. Time flows differently for me. You know that.”
Jean bowed again, and then turned to the startled disciples. Only Hadjar and Einen weren’t surprised by the exchange. Both of them felt the same energy in the old man that they’d felt in little Serra and Erra. The Gatekeeper wasn’t human. He was a golem, one so complex that it could’ve easily competed with the Key and the List of the ancient civilization. Well, the most valuable treasure of the library of Mage City had really been the elixir, because the rest of the knowledge had long since been either rediscovered or surpassed.
“You can enter the Treasure Tower only if the Gatekeeper allows it. The Tower is empty today, but that only happens on exam days. Right now, the Treasure Tower is only open to newly arrived disciples. Otherwise, we would never have gotten here because of the crowd.”
It was quite a logical decision. Hadjar presumed that the remaining two exams had already been completed as well, but neither the fully-fledged nor the inner circle disciples were visible on the horizon.
Maybe they didn’t want to risk bloodshed? Their pride was as important to the young practitioners as the air they breathed. Einen and Hadjar could endure most (but not all) insults. To someone younger and endowed with great power, a sidelong glance was a cause for a blood feud.
“Gatekeeper.” Jean made an inviting gesture.
The old man grunted something unintelligible and rose from his seat. When he reached the disciples, he gave them a slightly mocking look, and then went over to the massive gates. They were bolted with a metal that Hadjar couldn’t recognize and protected by a ten-layer barrier of magical hieroglyphics. Huge, woven from light, they hovered in the air. The energy they radiated felt much heavier than Dalit’s pressure had been. Hadjar had no doubt that the spell had been cast by someone even higher than the Lord level.
“The spell of the Ten Worlds,” Jean explained while the Gatekeeper was doing some sort of ritual. He made strange gestures with his hands, gradually pushing the hieroglyphics aside. “Thousands of thousands of years ago, a single spell was cast on the Treasure Tower. It was created by the founder of our school — cultivator Boundless Sky.”
After another hieroglyphic was pushed aside, Hadjar shivered slightly. He knew perfectly well that he couldn’t even scratch such a veil. If he tried, the power contained in the spell would scatter him to the wind.
“What level was the founder?” A voice called from the crowd.
“No one knows,” Jean said a little mysteriously. “He was clearly beyond the Nameless Level, the one that comes after the Lord level. Nobody knows what such a high level of cultivation entails... Well, humility is also a worthy trait for a cultivator to possess, so I will elaborate that you probably can’t find the answer to that question in the Empire.”
A wave of murmurs and whispers swept through the crowd. Hadjar figured Jean was lying. The Mentor surely knew about the existence of the Land of the Immortals, but apparently, just like Hadjar, he had no idea what level of cultivation a cultivator needed to reach to become an Immortal. As for the Nameless level, Hadjar had heard of it in the Sea of Sand.
A few minutes later, the Gatekeeper opened the tower gates. Mentor Jean was the first to enter, followed by the disciples. A sigh of admiration and surprise escaped all of them. Hadjar and Einen had seen something similar before in Mage City, but they couldn’t help but marvel at the sight as well.
The huge room was filled with shelves of books and scrolls, racks with numerous weapons, and shelves with a variety of reagents and alchemical pills. There was a price tag next to each item. It was painfully similar to the kind of library the Imperials had brought with them when they’d supposedly wanted to help Lidus.
“There are seven floors in the Tower,” the Gatekeeper’s voice sounded very hollow in this vast space. “Every disciple of ‘The Holy Sky’ School has access to the first floor. The second floor is only for fully-fledged disciples and higher. The third and fourth ones are reserved for the fully-fledged disciples that pass a test.”
“What kind of test?” Somebody asked.
The Gatekeeper completely ignored the question and continued:
“The fifth floor is only for those who pass the third and fourth test, and also have the medallion of an inner circle disciple. The sixth one is for those who meet the previous conditions, as well as pass the test of the sixth floor. The last floor, the seventh, is only for personal disciples of Masters and Mentors. However, just a wooden token isn’t enough to access it. A disciple has to pass a test and only then can they get access to the seventh floor. Only six of the current seventeen core disciples have access to the seventh floor.”
Hadjar looked up. A wide ramp ran up the side of the wall, ending at the ceiling of the second floor. The first three floors were the most ‘open’ and hardly had anything valuable on display.
“Look at your tokens carefully,” Jean said, pointing at the chest of one of the disciples. “Do you see that stone in the center? Touch it with your mind.”
Hadjar complied with the request. Concentrating, he detached a part of his mind. Each cultivator visualized this process in a different way. It was easiest for Hadjar to imagine that his thoughts, after turning into a stream of wind, were free to leave the halls of his mind. When his mind touched the stone, the number 150 appeared in his mind’s eye.
“All of you, after passing the exam, were given some Glory points. Using them, you can buy any of the items stored in the Treasure Tower. You also have to pay to attend lectures, training, or use the training grounds. You also have to pay for a space to study in and maintenance. However, the fees can also be paid with Imperial coins. For an ordinary disciple, it costs fifty coins for six months, or three hundred Glory points.”
The 1:6 ratio surprised Hadjar a little. Still, he was familiar with the system. It was almost the same thing he’d seen in the Moon Army, so it wasn’t surprising that a similar system was being used in the Empire itself. 
“How do we earn those points?” Einen asked.
“Yes,” another young man asked, “what do we need to do?”
“We’ll talk about the points later. Right now, you should walk around the first floor and look at the things on offer. I would advise you not to buy anything just yet. Just look at the prices so you can form an adequate plan for the future.”
Hadjar and Einen nodded to each other and went in different directions. That way, they’d be able to see more and then exchange information.
As he walked among the shelves, Hadjar became convinced that there was something off about how they treated ordinary disciples. Something very... fishy. For example, to obtain a Spirit level Technique (the ‘Light Breeze’ Technique was at the Earth level. The level classification of Techniques was the same as that of artifacts), an ordinary disciple had to pay a thousand Glory points! A fully-fledged disciple could buy it for five hundred, and it cost an inner circle disciple two hundred, while a core disciple could get it for... forty points. It was clear that the school was more inclined to nurture those who were more powerful, but there was no sign of the ordinary disciples being given a fair chance to succeed.
A Blue Blood pill, which was used to restore energy, cost an ordinary disciple two hundred and fifty points. It was also at the Spirit level.
In general, with the exception of a few artifact weapons and armor that were at the Earth level and cost at least five thousand Glory points, Hadjar didn’t find anything that was above the Spirit level. Even the meditation scroll that allowed a person to advance from the initial stage of the Heaven Soldier level to the middle stage was also at the Spirit level and cost about three and a half thousand points.
It must be understood that the meditation scrolls were valued most and... least of all. Those who didn’t get a scroll that would allow them to advance all the way to the Spirit Knight level were doomed to a terribly difficult path of cultivation.
This was due to the fact that frequently changing one’s meditation Techniques had a very detrimental effect on the soul and core of a practitioner or cultivator. Hadjar, who had received the ‘Path through the Clouds’ meditation scroll from Traves, was a very lucky man. Meditation Techniques up to the Heaven level only allowed a cultivator to advance their level of cultivation. Heaven level ones and above, however, endowed one with innate skills that didn’t require energy to use.
If Hadjar reached the Spirit Knight level with the ‘Path through the Clouds’, he would be able to... fly. At the moment, he had no idea how that would be possible. In addition, the scroll stated that, starting from the middle stage of the Heaven Soldier level, he would need special resources. For example, seven liters of Primordial Water. Hadjar didn’t even know what ‘Primordial Water’ was! Not to mention the other resources, the names of which he couldn’t even read!
“Holy shit,” Hadjar swore when he spotted it, and turned toward it.
He was now, like the others, very eager to earn more points. Not for the sake of rare resources, ingredients, Techniques, artifacts, or potions, but to buy what most of the disciples were crowding around. At the very end of the first floor, on a separate stand, lay a gold token. No, it didn’t instantly make its owner a fully-fledged disciple, but instead allowed them to take the exam to become one. It cost seven and a half thousand Glory points!
Chapter 431
Mentor Jean looked at the disciples knowingly. It had taken them only a few minutes to realize that joining ‘The Holy Sky’ School wasn’t a blessing that had been granted to them by the Heavens themselves, but only the beginning of a difficult and complicated path.
In the entire history of the School, there were only a few thousand ordinary disciples who had been able to rise from the bottom and become fully-fledged disciples. One hundred and seventy of those had made it to the rank of inner circle disciples and... none had become personal or core disciples. There were a great many reasons for this, and most of them had little to do with a disciple’s power.
“Now let’s go to the Hall of Fame,” he said, turning around and heading for the exit.
Hadjar and Einen hurried after him. Neither of them had taken anything from the first floor, unlike a lot of the others. Many had ignored Mentor Jean’s advice. Some had spent all of their one hundred and fifty points on various ingredients, alchemical pills, and potions.
Judging by their appearance, these disciples were from distant provinces. Big fish in a small pond. Back home, they were considered geniuses, but here they were worthless commoners. Maybe Einen and Hadjar were the same. However, they had a lot of life experience and steely willpower hardened by countless battles. Hadjar, who had passed the crucible of war, might’ve had more military experience than all the other disciples here, except Einen.
After leaving the first floor, Hadjar already knew what goal he would work toward in the near future. All these pills, Techniques, and artifacts, if Hadjar understood anything about the Empire, were nothing compared to those on the next floor. That meant he needed to-
“We need to become fully-fledged disciples.” Einen voiced his thoughts. “That’s the only way we can get up to the other floors.”
“You took the words right out of my mouth.” Hadjar clapped his friend on the back and added, “I’m also sure that some of the lectures, training sessions, and practical demonstrations can only be attended if you have the required token.”
“Makes sense.” Einen replied.
The islander was silent once again. He liked pondering, and while he was pondering, he hated being distracted by idle talk. Hadjar sometimes appreciated this and sometimes he hated it.
They walked down another yellow stone road and found themselves in front of a tall building. It had white stone walls, multicolored stained glass windows, and a marble porch. ‘The Holy Sky’ School was clearly not poor.
Mentor Jean, as always, was the first to enter. The interior was filled with an abundance of velvet, gold, carpets from the Sea of Sand, armour from various cultures, and other luxurious things. And once again, there were no people here.
“The six days of exams are always a holiday,” Jean explained. “The disciples either take advantage of their unrestricted access to the city or seclude themselves in solitary meditation. Well, as you’ve noticed, many also attend the training sessions and lectures they can. The parade grounds usually aren’t that busy.”
“The ones they can?” Hadjar asked.
He already knew the answer, but he wanted to confirm his guess.
“Yes, young warrior, that’s right.” Hadjar was the only one whom Jean turned and looked in the eye. “You need to have a high enough status to access the upper library floors, as well as to attend classes. Actually, you’ll see your schedule in the hall of Knowledge. That’s where we’re going next.”
They went through many corridors and found themselves in a wide hall. The floor was decorated with various drawings, the ceiling was very high, and a huge number of stands stood on either side. Parchment and paper sheets were attached to them:
Training (12) by Master Dai Sho — only available to fully-fledged and inner circle disciples. 600 Glory points.
Lecture (7) ‘The Art of War’ by Mentor Bagini — only available to inner circle disciples. 999 Glory points.
…
“The numbers in brackets are the number of lectures or training sessions,” Jean explained.
Hadjar, along with the others, continued to study the list carefully. As he had previously suspected, no lectures or training were provided for the ordinary disciples. The most expensive, of course, were the lectures that concerned artifacts and alchemy. However, despite the high price tags, they were many who wanted to attend them. About a hundred people were interested in the six spots one Mentor was offering.
“Well, let’s go take a look at what you’re all undoubtedly interested in,” Mentor Jean half-smiled, like a circus barker, and moved on to the next room. “Welcome to the Hall of Fame!”
This room was almost identical to the Hall of Knowledge. There were also various stands with parchment and paper sheets attached to them in here as well. But instead of specifying how many Glory points were required, they explained how many Glory points you could get:
The core of an Air element monster no weaker than the middle of the King Stage — 65 Glory points
Ten kilos of Moon Metal — 105 Glory points
An artifact at the Heaven level — 45 Glory points
One kilogram of the Sliding Drops Glass — 12 Glory points
…
The lists were huge. In fact, Glory points could be obtained for any tangible benefit that a disciple brought to the school. So, the process of learning here was more like an exchange. A disciple gave something to the school, and the school gave something back to the disciple. Such rules were in accord with the principles of the world of martial arts, where nothing was free.
“Why is everything so cheap here while the prices in the Tower are incredibly steep?” One of the disciples protested.
His outraged tone kindled a spark of discontent in Jean’s eyes, but the Mentor quickly extinguished it. He was walking on a razor’s edge. Many of his colleagues were just waiting for a chance to expel Jean. Maybe no one would normally protest if he turned an impudent ordinary disciple into a cripple, but he wouldn’t risk it in his current situation.
“If you don’t like it, disciple, you can return your token and leave.”
That was Jean’s answer. At first, the young man wanted to argue, but he stopped. A person had to be an idiot to argue with a man whose aura, even hidden, could take the life of a mere mortal.
The disciples spent more time studying the lists. There were some items here that could earn one thousands of Glory points or more. For example, the core of a Lord Stage beast, which was equal to a human at the Lord level in strength. Or bringing back an Imperial level Technique or an artifact at the same level. Or the root of a Star River Flower older than fifty thousand years. This plant alone granted the amount necessary to take the exam to become a fully-fledged disciple. The higher the reward, the crazier the demands. However, this didn’t bother Hadjar or Einen. On the contrary, there were half-mad smiles on their faces. If the rarest Techniques, ingredients, monsters, and artifacts were listed here, then all of them, with due diligence and luck, could be found within the territory of the Empire!
“We’ll soon reach the area where the ordinary disciples live. Our introductory lecture ends there. You’ll have to find out the rest on your own. The motto of ‘The Holy Sky’ School is: ‘The strongest of weapons tempers itself!’”
Hadjar chuckled. The school provided an opportunity, but wasn’t responsible for the results. Just like a casino: maybe someone would win a large sum, but the house always won in the end. The cursed world of martial arts was consistent…
They came out of the building, first walking along a paved road, then a path. The farther they went, the more wild and unkempt the place became. The mown grass gave way to weeds, the neat gardens to woods, and the plains and parade grounds to endless hills and pits. Half an hour later, they arrived at the edge of the clearing. It was clear that someone cut the trees here often and thoroughly.
“This is where the ordinary disciples live,” Jean said.
“Where?” One of the disciples asked him confusedly.
“Wherever you want,” the Mentor shrugged. “This is the Forest of Knowledge. It’s the territory of the ordinary disciples. This is where we part ways.”
Before he left, Jean added:
“I hope all of you survive today.”
After those parting words, the disciples tensed. Hadjar and Einen, who’d already gone through a similar trial in Underworld City, drew their weapons. Soon enough, other holders of silver tokens began to emerge from behind the trees. They were armed, wearing ragged, old clothes, their eyes burning with excitement and greed.
“Newbies!” A tall, broad-shouldered man of about… forty appeared in front of them. Apparently, he’d joined the school a long time ago. “We’re happy to welcome you to our friendly ranks. Don’t be afraid, Jean is always messing with everyone. No one will harm you in the Forest of Knowledge.”
The others breathed a sigh of relief, but Hadjar and Einen didn’t sheathe their weapons. They didn’t like the look of this.
“Let me explain the rules.” The giant of a man said. “In this forest, everyone is on their own. You can cut down any trees you like, and as many as you like. They’ll grow again in a week. Using that wood, you can build a house, or even a palace if you have enough skill. ‘The Holy Sky’ School has several territories in the vicinity of the capital assigned to it. That’s what the Schools are fighting for.”
The more the giant spoke, the more worried Hadjar became. In this world, information was an invaluable resource, and no one ever shared it just like that…
“There are six such areas, but, alas, we ordinary disciples are only allowed to enter the Forest of Shadows and the Valley of Swamps. There isn’t a lot of prey there, but if you aren’t lazy, you’ll earn enough to pay for your studies.” The giant chuckled. “That’s everything. You can ask for a map of the area in the Glory Tower. They’ll give you one for free.”
“Thank you!”
“Thank you very much!”
“We owe you!”
“Oh, don’t thank me,” the man said, waving his hand dismissively. “You see, this information isn’t free, and it costs... all the Glory points you have. I forgot to say that if you take someone else’s token, you can transfer all the Glory points from it to yours. For this bit of information, I’ll charge you... forty more points.”
Those who’d come out of the forest laughed, but the newcomers murmured nervously.
“But you said you couldn’t touch us here,” a girl said timidly.
“Yes, that’s right. However, you’ll have to go hunt for Glory points sooner or later, and that’s where the rules don’t prohibit fights.”
The forty-year-old man stood there, looking at the group of children who’d once considered themselves blessed by the Heavens. Every year, it gave him great pleasure to pull this trick off. Seeing the faces of these ‘geniuses’ lowered in meek submission was an amazing feeling. In addition, even after the points were divided between him and all his helpers, it was still a very profitable venture. No one had ever refused before…
“Have a good day and thanks for the instructions.” Two newcomers, one bald and the other shaggy and with ornaments in his hair, saluted and went into the forest.
Both the old-timers and newcomers alike were taken aback by their impudence. They watched the two friends leave in absolute silence.
“Where should we go first, my friend?” The baldy asked. “The Forest or the Swamps?”
“I don’t know,” the other shrugged. “But I think we’ll find someone willing to part with their lives and their tokens in both places.”
“I don’t doubt it, my barbarian friend, I don’t doubt it.”
They both laughed in a horrid, demonic manner.
Chapter 432
As they walked deeper into the forest, Hadjar and Einen attracted curious and hostile glances, but they didn’t spot many people among the trees. During their years as ordinary disciples, these people had learned to disguise themselves perfectly in this eternal forest. And their huts as well. Being an experienced tracker, Hadjar could determine where large settlements were located using indirect signs. The forest went on for many miles, and it was logical to assume that one could find both single houses and rather large ‘villages’ in here.
“This seems like a nice place,” Hadjar muttered as they climbed another hill.
From this vantage point, they could see all of the surrounding area, which meant that even if someone wanted to attack them despite the school rules, they would have to try very hard.
“Do you know how to build a house?” Einen asked.
The islander had worked with wood before, but could only build boats or rafts. He had no special skills or knowledge when it came to building anything else. Smugglers and slave traders didn’t really need huts or houses.
“Well, you’ll make the traps, then.”
Einen smiled bloodthirstily. Pirates didn’t know anything about building houses, but they could make a deadly trap out of almost anything.
The friends had travelled light. All of their meager possessions had been placed in Hadjar’s spatial ring. Looking around to make sure no one was watching them, Hadjar mentally dived into the storage space of the artifact. In addition to the fairy’s body, the scroll with the image of the Black General, and the smallest drop of the elixir of the gods, the ring also held several heaps of Imperial coins, gold, and two travel bags with various items. These contained, among other things, two axes. Hadjar took them out and handed one to his friend.
Back when he’d been an officer in the army of Lidus, he’d gotten enough lessons from Dogar, their commander, to be quite good at building a hut and even a whole barracks. That was a long time ago. At the time, he’d been at the Formation level. Now, as a true cultivator, he could do so much more, far more quickly.
Spitting on his palms, Hadjar took the handle of the axe and swung, cutting down a tree that was three feet thick with one blow. He made terrifyingly quick progress. By the evening of his first day as an ordinary disciple, Hadjar cut down enough logs to train the entire Bear squad with.
Einen kept coming back to collect the bark and branches. Hadjar didn’t know what his friend was making on the outskirts of their new home, but the baldy kept asking him not to go down alone. He promised to show Hadjar a safe way down later. Hadjar didn’t argue. He was too busy.
With one mighty push, he drove ten-foot stakes into the ground, using them as the foundation. Then he laid down the floor, put up the walls, and made a few rooms. Then he added a chimney, a place for the stove, a convenient porch, and an attic. Sixteen hours of work was more than enough time for a Heaven Soldier to make a hut, but Hadjar had no particular desire to do so.
They’d need this place not just to live or sleep in, but also as a safe haven where they could meditate, and maybe it would even provide the comfort of knowing that they had their own home. A purely psychological need.
The roof was then covered with clay and turf, and that was the end of it.
By the time he finished, it was already dawn. Einen showed him the safe route to the bottom of the hill. Slightly confusing, it wound between the invisible, even to Hadjar, traps. They could hardly harm a true cultivator, but they would detain them and make enough noise to alert both of them. They also worked perfectly against Concealment Techniques.
The last exams ended and the school territory came alive.
Hadjar, wiping away sweat and washing himself with water from a hastily dug well, joined Einen. Together, they wandered between the traps, down to the bottom of the hill, and headed for the main square.
“Look!” Other ordinary disciples whispered around them. They were also heading for the Hall of Fame. “These are the two newbies who didn’t agree to pay Araz.”
“Idiots. Their days here are numbered.”
“Even if they gave up their tokens right now, Araz would still kill them.”
They were certain that the giant Araz would be able to easily deal with the two newcomers. At the entrance exam, he’d been able to knock a huge chunk of stone from the stele with his ‘Diamond Fist’ Technique!
“Did you hear that there was a guy who could almost cut through the stele?”
“Yep. And he was immediately beaten by someone who actually did it.”
Hadjar looked at the disgruntled Einen and grinned triumphantly. It was a friendly jest, nothing more.
“Yesterday, there was a guy who beat both of them,” another voice said immediately. “They say that he was able to cut one stele down and scratch another with a single swing of his broadsword.”
Now Einen chuckled, glancing at the startled Hadjar. Of course, it was strange to think that the two of them were the best of the... worst, but it was still a bit pleasant. Just like everyone else on the path of cultivation, the two friends weren’t devoid of feelings of vanity and pride.
“And even he,” the voice continued, “Paid Araz.”
“The sooner we pay, the sooner we’ll be able to earn Glory points.”
“Yep.”
“Let’s hurry before all of the most profitable orders are taken!”
Hadjar and Einen looked at each other. Jean had showed them the board of the so-called general requests. However, there were also orders, ones that someone had personally posted. So, Glory points were a unique currency for the whole school. If they could be taken away, they could also be exchanged.
The friends soon joined the crowd of thousands of ordinary disciples. All of them, covered in scars, wearing rumpled clothes, their hair unwashed and beards unshaven, were rushing to the Hall of Fame. If Glory points had a special symbol that denoted them, Hadjar had no doubt that it would be burning in the eyes of the savage disciples right now.
Compared to them, the fully-fledged disciples looked a little better. They were also running to the Hall of Fame. As for the inner circle and core disciples, they weren’t here. Did they have their own personal boards?
The closer they got to the Hall of Fame, the clearer it became how requests for strong monster materials were fulfilled.
“There’s a request for a Stone Lion at the Ancient level. It grants nine hundred Glory points! Who’s with me? I’ll take sixteen warriors!”
Almost ten times as many people rushed over to the man who was waving the parchment around. Fully-fledged disciples had priority, of course.
“A request for two hundred pounds of Dawn Grass! Five people! Two hundred points!”
“A request for the core of a Fire element beast at the Primordial level! Only for inner circle disciples! Three thousand points!”
Six people came out of the crowd. After talking to the guy who had obtained such a difficult request, they all started walking toward the school gates together.
“Let’s go,” Einen said.
They entered the hall side by side. Deciding to confirm their hunch about the exchange, they started with the Hall of Knowledge. There were far fewer people in there. Along with yesterday’s sheets, new ones had been added. These were the result of some disciples offering to give lectures to others for a certain fee. Usually, the fully-fledged disciples were offering to share knowledge with the ordinary disciples. So, this was how disciples with the silver medallions studied here. It was a common practice, even in Lidus.
Leaving the Hall of Knowledge, the friends cut through the crowd and made their way over to the stands with requests. They saw some bored fully-fledged disciples sitting at tables there. They were apparently being punished and forced to distribute maps of the surrounding area belonging to ‘The Holy Sky’ School.
“Two maps, please,” Einen said.
“Take them.” The disciple, who was about twenty-five, held out two scrolls.
“Thank you, senior disciple.”
These were the local rules: they had to call teachers Master or Mentor (a Master was ranked higher than a Mentor); they had to call other disciples of the same age or status disciple; a junior disciple if they had a lower status, and a senior disciple if they had a higher status.
They looked at their maps and let out disappointed sighs. The Forest of Shadows and the Valley of Swamps were the only two regions where the ordinary disciples were permitted to venture. However, the most valuable requests would require them to go to the remaining four regions — the Desert of Death, the Lake of Dreams, the Storm Mountain, and the Wastelands. The names were pathetic because of how hard they tried to sound cool, but Hadjar didn’t care. He almost snarled when he realized that everyone could visit all of these regions except for the wearers of the silver medallions. Once again, it was clear that the ordinary disciples were being used as servants. Ninety percent of the orders available to them revolved around gathering herbs or grasses, cutting down rare trees, mining ore, and so on.
They could also take orders from other higher-ranking disciples: being someone’s sparring partner (or rather, their punching bag), accompanying someone, and so on. These requests weren’t worth much.
“Well, where do we start?” Hadjar asked.
Before Einen could answer, the room suddenly grew very quiet. A young man in white robes was walking toward them, cutting through the crowd. On his chest was an emerald token and a patch with two crossed swords inside the hieroglyph.
A girl followed behind him. She had pale skin and long black hair pulled back into a tight braid. She was wearing a strange headdress made up of gold threads intertwined around two emerald disks. She was dressed in a black blouse and skirt. On her left shoulder, she had a metal shoulder pad. There was no doubt that this artifact could cover her entire body in impenetrable armor when she was in danger. There was no coat of arms on her bosom, only the token of an inner circle disciple.
“You will apologize to me, you wretch!” The boy snapped.
Chapter 433
“Look, that’s Tom Dinos, one of the young heirs of the Predatory Blades clan.
“His elder brothers are studying here too!”
“That’s right. The Young Master of their clan is a core disciple and very high on the Jade Cloud list!”
There were two rating systems at ‘The Holy Sky’ School, as Hadjar and Einen had found out. The first was the Solid Earth list for the fully-fledged and ordinary disciples. The second was the Jade Cloud list for the inner circle and core disciples. If a person advanced to the top ten (they had to win against someone above them to advance on the list), they were rewarded. The friends hadn’t yet found out what rewards they received.
“How does Dinos know these two?”
“I have no idea, but I wouldn’t want to be in their shoes right now.”
“Neither would I. Apparently, fate doesn’t favor them at all.”
“They’re a couple of idiots.”
Hadjar rolled his eyes. He scratched his stubble, which he hadn’t shaved since leaving the Sea of Sand, and looked into the blond man’s eyes. The young man had a very pleasant, well-groomed appearance, so it wasn’t surprising that the girls around them sighed longingly. Only the girl in black, standing behind her master, continued to stare at the floor. Hadjar couldn’t discern the color of her eyes.
“You dare to keep staring at me, servant?” The offended young heir (whatever that title meant) roared. “I think I should teach you a lesson…”
Hadjar bowed sharply at the waist and saluted in the manner of the Empire — he struck his chest twice with his fist, “My apologies, young heir of the great Predatory Blades clan. I, an unworthy ant, dared to accidentally stain your clothes. Let me take them and return them to you in their purest form.”
For a moment, there was utter silence in the hall. Hadjar didn’t look like a man who could apologize to anyone. There was far too much confidence and pride in his eyes, in his gestures and posture, in his whole appearance.
“I beg your pardon, most worthy heir,” Einen also bowed.
Both friends maintained serious expressions on their faces, but in fact, they could hardly keep from laughing out loud. If a teenager endowed with the terrifying power of a true cultivator considered soiled clothing a reason to get insulted, then the thirty-year-old warriors who’d witnessed the horrors of piracy, wars, and the Sea of Sand…
The people around them looked at the duo who were bowing with contempt and… understanding. They liked to think that they wouldn’t have swallowed their pride and wouldn’t have bowed their heads. However, it was simple bravado.
“I thought so.” Tom Dinos snorted. Snatching a request for an Ancient level monster core from the board, he turned to leave. “Anise.”
So that was her name. Anise. The sweetest of flowers, one that grew for just one summer.
“Yes, younger heir,” she said, looking up.
Hadjar looked into her eyes and stopped breathing. Bright green, her eyes put even the purest of jade to shame. They were calm, like a serene sea. Slightly sad, like the eyes of a kitten that had lost its favorite toy. At the same time, they radiated a steely willpower that could crush a stone and bend an iron bar. Anise... a flower that lived only one year and never saw winter. The girl seemed gentle, but Hadjar could feel the presence of the Sword Spirit inside her. This feeling resonated not only with the tattoo on his back, but also with his heart. He tried to pull himself together, force himself to breathe in, tell his heart to keep beating. However, his heart stopped and his lungs clenched.
“Teach them a lesson. Just don’t overdo it. Murder isn’t allowed on school grounds.”
“Yes, my Lord.”
Hadjar should’ve snapped out of it. He’d heard the young man’s words and seen the girl slowly drawing her blade from its scabbard. Made of brown leather and wood, it was decorated just like her hair. Her sword had a simple hilt, no guard, and a long, narrow blade with glowing, red hieroglyphics across its length.
Like the young heir, she also wielded an Imperial artifact. The mere fact that she’d unsheathed her sword was enough to make fire flowers bloom under her feet, and flaming butterflies flutter around the blade.
She didn’t use any Techniques. She didn’t even swing her sword. She just channeled her will of a Wielder through the blade. That was enough to conjure a ghostly copy of her sword which had enough power to send Sankesh to the Heavens.
Einen, noticing that his friend wasn’t reacting to what was happening, was about to use his Call and his best defensive Technique, when suddenly, a white, fluffy muzzle popped out of Hadjar’s clothes. With a snort, the little tigress nipped at her two-legged friend’s cheek and scurried back.
Azrea’s bite brought Hadjar back to reality. Blinking, he felt death approaching him. He had no chance of stopping this simple attack with just his blade. Without thinking, Hadjar summoned the sleeping dragon and the black blade into reality. Wrapped in the cloak of black fog, he held up the black sword. Anise’s blow struck his blade. It dragged Hadjar eight paces across the ground and slammed him into the wall hard. Warm trickles of blood ran down the back of his head.
“Pathetic,” Tom Dinos spat, and left the Hall of Fame.
Anise shot a quick glance at the young man who was slowly getting to his feet and then hurried after him. Her master hadn’t noticed, but at the last second, the girl’s determination had wavered. If not for this, she would’ve easily broken through the Call’s defenses and been able to seriously injure the insolent man who’d insulted her master. She didn’t understand why she had held her strike back at the last moment. The two sky-blue eyes burned in her mind’s eye. Despite the humiliating apology, they’d been laughing. It seemed like the young man had been mocking the fact that he had to apologize …
“Hurry up, Anise!” The young heir of the Predatory Blades clan shouted.
“I beg your pardon, my Lord,” Anise bowed, and quickened her pace.
Hadjar looked at her. Was she the most beautiful girl he’d ever seen? Definitely... not. Compared to the women he’d had sex with, she would be considered frumpy at best. In comparison to the spirit of the Kurkhadan oasis, she was even… ugly. Still, she’d made Hadjar feel like he couldn’t control his heartbeat. By the High Heavens, he’d never experienced anything like it before. Not even with Nehen.
“Are you all right, my friend?” The islander asked, pulling his friend away from the curious crowd.
“I don’t know,” Hadjar stammered. “It hurts.”
Einen looked at his friend who had suffered much worse things but had never before complained of pain. Besides, the way he was squeezing his chest, right over his heart, told Einen that the pain wasn’t physical.
“By the Great Turtle,” the islander said with a resigned sigh. “Did fate reward me with a friend... or punish me for my ancestors’ sins?”
Chapter 434
It was only when they reached the school gates that Hadjar awoke. It was a huge iron platform guarded by two golems: a talking tiger and a sixteen-foot giant clad in steel armor and holding a titanic spear. Both of them radiated auras comparable to Rahaim’s.
Just imagine — an artificial construct at the Lord level. Such a creation probably cost upwards of hundreds of thousands of Imperial coins.
“What happened to me, Einen?” Hadjar asked. “I can hardly remember the last thirty minutes!”
“Don’t worry, barbarian. Nothing terrible happened.”
“Nothing terrible? I was just struck by some kind of mental Technique! And I didn’t even notice it!”
Einen glanced at his friend, but Hadjar appeared to be serious.
“I said it was nothing terrible. It’s nothing that can’t be dealt with.”
“That’s it!” Hadjar exclaimed. “I should find some lectures or scrolls on mental defenses!”
“I don’t think that will help you,” the islander chuckled.
The tiger-golem didn’t even look at them. It, an ancient creature who still remembered the founder of the school, didn’t care about two ordinary disciples. It could smell their tokens, which allowed them to stay on school grounds, and Einen held the request sheet in front of him as if it were a shield. Disciples up to the inner circle rank couldn’t leave the school territory, except when completing the personal assignments of Mentors and Masters, or tasks from the Hall of Fame.
“What makes you say that?” Hadjar demanded.
They stood on the iron platform alongside a group of other disciples with silver tokens. Unlike how it had operated during the days of the exams, it made a lot fewer trips now. There was even a schedule in the Hall of Fame that showed the times when it went up and when it went down.
“Because it wasn’t a Technique.”
“You think it was poison? Or a spell? I noticed she had some powerful and strange hieroglyphs on her blade!”
“Her blade is an Imperial artifact. Of course it has runes.”
Hadjar sighed and rubbed his temples. He didn’t like what was happening. And the damned neural network was still updating its interface!
[Update started!
Approximate time needed...]
“Calm down, my barbarian friend, it’s just that-”
“Stop trying to calm me down!” Hadjar snapped.
To him, his mind and soul were the most sacred of temples. Of course, the fact that someone had been able to encroach on them left Hadjar in a state close to fear. He wasn’t afraid of anything to the point that his sword would weaken or his steps would slow down!
“...you fell in love,” Einen finished.
Hadjar looked at his friend. He thought the islander was joking. However, Einen was serious.
“Fell in love? Me?” Hadjar laughed, but looked rather nervous. “Don’t make fun of me, Einen. I like and respect women as much as any normal man, but you obviously put some other meaning into that word.”
“Exactly,” the islander said. “The same meaning that the Princess and the Potter put into it.”
“I really fell in love?”
“Most likely.”
“Most likely?”
“Well, it was you who almost lost your life by just looking at Anise, not me.”
For some reason, Hadjar felt like the islander was mocking him and enjoying this too much. As the platform moved noiselessly down into the city, he saw the corners of Einen’s mouth twitch slightly. The damned baldy was smiling!
“Are you having fun with this?”
“Of course,” Einen nodded again. He reached out and patted his friend on the shoulder. “I’m just glad to see that my barbarian friend has found a companion to travel along the path of cultivation with.”
Practitioners lived long lives. Cultivators lived incredibly long lives. The higher one’s level of cultivation, the fewer couples there were. Cultivators got married, even started families, but after just a century, or maybe two or three at the most, these families broke up. Children were sometimes born from these unions, but they rarely grew up with their parents. They were usually sent on a ‘solo voyage’ along the river of life by their parents.
What did it even mean to have a real, true companion on such a long journey? You and this person had been brought together by something that overshadowed such concepts as fate, heaven, gods, the heart, and so on. After all, if you’d really found someone with whom you were ready to travel further, then this further was eternity. What would it be like to spend eternity with one person? To love one person forever and never desire anyone but them? Even in fairy tales, this was something incredible. Something that almost no one believed in.
Hadjar also didn’t believe in it. After all, despite all the love he had for his parents, he could admit they’d belonged to the first category of couples. Those that were together for a while to fulfill some purpose and then broke up sooner or later. However, he’d witnessed two striking examples of true love. The first one and the closest to his heart had been Nero and Serra. They’d had a bond a thousand times stronger than Haver and Elizabeth’s. Of course, the royal couple of Lidus had loved each other, but it had been a temporary love, created artificially. Almost like when ordinary mortals confused an outburst of affection and kindness for real feelings.
The second... Well, the second example had been Primus’ love for his dead beloved, which had caused him to drown the kingdom in blood and kill his own brother. Now, years later, Hadjar realized that Primus had done this because of the mental wounds that had changed his wind from blue to black. Perhaps, if not for the efforts of the Governor, Primus would’ve died of heartache a long time ago. His decaying path had been held together artificially by the secrets and mysteries possessed by the Darnassian.
“No. I don’t think it’s the same thing.” Hadjar looked at the gold and emerald rooftops of Dahanatan. “It’ll pass soon. It’ll definitely pass soon…”
“Just imagine Tom Dinos caressing her… His hands touching her soft thighs… His lips passionately kissing her neck, and her trembling at his touch… She presses her body against his, searching for the ribbons on his pants as his hands roam her body freely… She touches his... Please reel in your energy. You’re making people nervous.”
Only then did Hadjar realize that his energy was out of control! It was like a hapless baby peeing itself! He felt humiliated by this lapse in control! No ‘fake’ or ‘temporary’ feeling could’ve made Hadjar lose control of his own power. It was not normal for a cultivator or even a practitioner, hell, a regular adult, even, to pee themselves!
“Damn it, Einen. By the High Heavens! This is not what I need right now!”
“The ways of the sea winds are mysterious, my friend. Sometimes, they lead us to a quiet bay, but other times, they throw us on sharp rocks.”
“She’s a servant of one of the seven family clans! Moreover, she’s the young heir’s personal servant. And he hates me. She’s an inner circle disciple and I’m an ordinary one. She probably won’t even look at me.”
“Maybe, maybe not. But I don’t remember ever seeing Hadjar Darkhan, Desert Wind Blowing from the North, giving up because of a few obstacles in his way.”
His friend’s words were like a slap to the face for Hadjar. Turning, he looked at the ‘The Holy Sky’ School buildings.
Anise…
The name was whispered to him by the wind itself. It was whispered by his hair ornaments, it thrummed in his heartbeat, it was in every ray of the sun. Even if she were the Princess of the Empire, even if every wall in the world blocked his path, even if the sky itself fell on his shoulders, he wouldn’t care! He was Hadjar Darkhan, and as long as the dragon heart beat in his chest and he had a sword in his hand, there was nothing he couldn’t overcome.
“Einen.”
“Yes, my friend?”
“She will be mine.”
The islander smiled widely.
“I finally recognize you, Darkhan. You are the man I’m used to fighting side by side with.”
“By the way,” Hadjar said, looking back at the city. Somewhere in the northwest was the Forest of Shadows, “did you see where Araz and his thugs went?”
Einen’s smile widened even more and became bloodthirsty. “I got a request that’s in the same area as them.”
Hadjar gripped the hilt of his sword. “Great. More than anything, I want to fight someone right now.”
“I feel like you’ll get the chance to do just that. And not just one…”
Anise... The wind whispered to Hadjar.
***
The girl with the emerald eyes turned around. She felt like she’d heard someone call out to her, but there was only a deserted road, trees, and grass behind them.
“Why are you just standing there, Anise?” The young heir barked.
“I beg your pardon, my lord,” she said, spurring her horse.
Hadjar, she heard suddenly. The wind whispered it to her.
Chapter 435
As they walked through the streets toward the stalls, Hadjar noticed how people’s attitudes toward them had changed. When they’d first come to Dahanatan, people had looked down on them with undisguised contempt and arrogance. Any ‘village prodigy’ would’ve been infuriated. Such disregard would’ve made them want to prove to the world around them, and to themselves as well, that they weren’t a nonentity.
Hadjar and Einen didn’t care about such trivial things. Both of them had their own goals that they’d carried with them through the years of endless battles, losses, and hardships. The attitude of others could never make them doubt their own strength. Still, they were pleased to see that people now treated them with respect.
“Look, mother, they’re disciples of ‘The Holy Sky’ School!
“Honorable disciples!”
“They’re just ordinary disciples, but even that is a great achievement!”
“Father! One day, I’ll become a disciple of ‘The Holy Sky’ School, too!”
“A noble goal, my son!”
Similar conversations could be heard everywhere. Only a few people had managed to pass the exams and become ordinary disciples. There were two other prestigious Schools, ‘The Meltwater’ and ‘The Quick Dream’, but their entrance exams were much easier. The disciples of these institutions, of course, were also lauded and had a high social status, but it was nothing compared to ‘The Holy Sky’ School’s disciples.
“I still can’t get used to it,” Einen said while glancing at the stone buildings, wide avenues, shops, restaurants, taverns, auction houses, and brothels. “How many people live here?”
“According to Rahaim, almost two hundred million people.”
“By the Great Turtle…”
If Hadjar hadn’t already seen the Imperial capital from a bird’s-eye view, he wouldn’t have believed that it was so vast. For a former resident of Earth, it was almost impossible to imagine such a huge city. Someone from Lidus would find it a little bit easier to accept. This world was truly boundless, and the number of people who inhabited it could hardly fit in one’s head. Although, keeping this in mind made it easy to understand how so many tens of thousands of true cultivators could all end up in just one school.
Communication between the far reaches of the city was carried out through air travel. Looking up, Hadjar saw countless flying boats and ships sailing through the azure sky. The sails of the largest ones — the frigates and battleships — had the coats of arms of the family clans or Darnassus itself emblazoned upon them. The power of such war machines was amazing to behold. One such frigate could easily wipe a few kingdoms like Balium off the face of the planet (if this world was even a planet). No wonder Darnassus didn’t really care about the barbarian kingdoms.
Half an hour later, the friends reached the stable nearest to the school. It was a long, massive, one-story building. Surprisingly, it didn’t smell at all. Apparently, this was due to the magic hieroglyphs inscribed on the support columns.
For Dahanatans, the true path of cultivation was as easy to use as the way of cultivation that utilized the internal energy.
A fat man came out to greet them. Hadjar thought he was mistaken at first, but no, even upon closer inspection, the plump man in the blue robes was indeed at the New Soul stage. In the Sea of Sand, he would be a very, very strong practitioner and could attain a good, high position in the Kurkhadan oasis.
The Kurkhadan oasis, with its sheikh, who was a weak Spirit Knight, and the six Heaven Soldiers who’d survived the bandits’ attack, couldn’t compare to the power of Dahanatan. Here, such a practitioner worked as a simple groom.
“Honorable disciples,” he saluted in the local manner. “Are you here to buy or rent?”
“Rent.” Einen answered.
Both of them grimaced simultaneously. The man noticed.
“I understand that our stalls are nothing compared to those of ‘The Holy Sky’ School,” he chattered. Hadjar and Einen exchanged glances. They hadn’t known that their school had stables as well. “But I’ll try to interest you, honorable disciples, in our new acquisitions.”
He bowed and gestured toward the stables. However, it was more like a menagerie. Once inside, Hadjar froze for a moment. He’d never seen such an abundance of various creatures.
Enclosed in wooden, iron, stone, and even magic pens, stood the most outlandish of monsters. He saw a bear that was twelve feet tall. It was at the Alpha Stage and could reach an unthinkable speed of 220mph and keep going for forty days. There was also a famous Dahanatan racehorse. Its muscles bulged like boulders beneath its skin and its mane was so thick that it could’ve been used as a mattress.  It was also at the Alpha Stage and could reach the 250mph mark and keep going for at least three weeks at that speed.
There were also various huge cats: tigers with porcupine quills; lions with webbed feet; lynxes with horns. Hadjar didn’t know the names of these monsters, and he had no particular desire to get closer to them and read each tablet. If he ever got rich, he would buy the bestiary in the Treasure Tower.
“Please recommend something that is both fast and hardy.”
“My recommendation would depend on where you’re going, honorable disciples,” the salesman said without straightening his back.
Hadjar knew that the salesman must have seen their disciples’ tokens and was trying to avoid offending them.
“Into the Forest of Shadows,” Hadjar said before Einen could stop him.
There was a brief flash of triumph in the practitioner’s eyes. Hadjar realized too late how Einen and everyone else acquired information about other disciples. All of them, no doubt, used these very stalls! And information, in this world, was one of the most valuable commodities.
“Then I would advise you to take a Three-horned deer.” The groom’s voice was enthusiastic. He was obviously going to make a good deal today. “It costs only a quarter of an Imperial coin to rent for a full day. It’s small, but fast and hardy. It can run through the woods at a speed of 130mph. All who travel to the Forest of Shadows take Three-horned deer and never complain.”
While describing the animals, the salesman somehow managed to lead the two friends to the stalls where the rust-colored deer were. Outwardly, they didn’t appear very different from normal deer, apart from their more powerful muscles and strong legs. And, of course, the fact that they didn’t have two branching horns, but three. The third, which was both sharp and long, grew from the bridge of their nose and clearly served as a weapon alongside their teeth, which looked more like fangs. They were also eating butchered rabbit carcasses instead of hay. Bloody carnivorous deer! Hadjar had never seen anything like it.
“We’ll take them.”
They made a deal and, after finding out that the saddles were included in the bargain, led their new transports out by the bridle. Both warriors preferred to move on foot, but they would have to use Speed Techniques if they did that. It was simply cheaper to rent the deer than to buy strength-restoring pills.
“Hey, merchant.” Hadjar called out to the man.
“Yes, venerable disciple?”
“Can you tell me if someone asks about us later? I’ll pay you. ”
The salesman smiled slyly.
“I’m sure I have no idea what you’re talking about, honorable disciple,” He said while nodding his head.
Einen didn’t say a word to him, but Hadjar decided that he should be more careful in the future. He was no longer in the barbarian kingdoms, or even in the Sea of Sand. This was the capital of the Darnassus Empire, Dahanatan. A place where much stronger and more talented cultivators than him had ignominiously lost their lives.
Chapter 436
It took them only three days to reach the Forest of Shadows without taking any breaks. During that time, they learned that the disciples of higher rank lived much more comfortably than them.
The way to the Storm Mountain led through the same flowery meadows which led to the Forest of Shadows. These two areas bordered each other. Hadjar, Einen, and the other poor ordinary disciples had to use ‘ground transport’, but the higher-level disciples flew across the vast Forest of Shadows in soaring boats. A couple of times, Hadjar had definitely spotted small ships with family crests. That’s what being born into a family clan of the Empire meant. From birth, they’d enjoyed all the benefits of the civilization of practitioners and cultivators. They’d probably been given elixirs so potent that a small bottle’s worth of them could bring the entire Bear squad of the Moon Army up to the Formation level.
The Forest of Shadows was a vast forest that sprawled along the borders of the flower meadows that surrounded Dahanatan. It fully lived up to the hype. Moreover, Hadjar was certain that if a mere mortal were to set foot in this misty land, they would die immediately. The forest, like a living organism, exuded a pressure comparable to that of the aura of a practitioner at the Formation level.
“Maybe that’s why the ordinary disciples are only allowed access to two zones?”  Hadjar asked.
As soon as he and Einen had found themselves beneath the black canopy, they’d felt the pressure of this strange forest. It was as if the energy of every tree, every flower, and every blade of grass had merged into one, trying to destroy the interlopers.
“I’ve learned some information about the ancient places in this area, my barbarian friend.” Their Three-horned deer had apparently already been here: despite nervously twitching their nostrils, they were rather calm overall. “They’re so ancient that, over the millennia, they managed to create their own power.”
“How?”
Hadjar looked around. The midday sun was shining brightly in the flower meadow. There were no clouds obscuring the azure sky, so the valley of Dahanatan, after which the capital of the Empire was named, was bathed in a warm, soft light. However, here in the Forest of Shadows, there was only an acrid half-light. If not for the keen vision they had as true cultivators, they would barely be able to see past their own outstretched arms. A mortal or a weak practitioner definitely couldn’t last even an hour in here.
“Do you remember meeting the spirit of the Kurkhadan oasis?”
“Of course I do,” Hadjar answered.
He would never forget it. The oasis itself, a soulless and lifeless piece of land, had suddenly appeared to him in the form of the most beautiful of maidens, one who’d had the kind of knowledge and power that had surpassed the limits of what Hadjar had been able to imagine. It had been both exciting and frightening.
“Kurkhadan, compared to the Forest of Shadows, is a bumbling newborn that has barely spent any time under the light of the Evening Stars.”
“I would argue that this child was far from foolish.”
“It’s a metaphor. Although, I think I should first explain what a metaphor is, considering you’re a barbarian.”
Someone else would’ve taken this ribbing as an insult, but Hadjar knew Einen too well. He could detect the faintest hint of a grin in the islander’s dispassionate tone. Einen was having fun.
Like Hadjar, he had an unhealthy obsession with adventure.
“You mean,” it suddenly dawned on Hadjar, “that there is a spirit nearby which is several times stronger than the spirit of Kurkhadan?”
“Several times?” Einen chuckled. “Do you remember the mortals in the oasis?”
“Sure.”
“Can mortals survive here?”
Hadjar blinked a few times and shivered. His friend was right. If there was an ancient spirit wandering through the Forest of Shadows, the personification of the consciousness that had appeared over thousands of thousands of years, it would’ve been able to crush the spirit of Kurkhadan with a single glance.
Indeed, the Heavens were still far from Hadjar’s reach. For now, he could only look at them as a little boy would look at an unapproachable mountain whose peak was among the clouds.
They rode along small paths. Tall, powerful trees were all around them, as wide as ten grown men and three hundred feet tall. Their huge roots looked like ancient boulders. Green moss covered the blackened trunks, making it seem like they were covered in boiled resin. An acrid fog, almost as thick as smoke, crept under their feet. They sometimes felt danger ahead and immediately changed direction.
From the stories they’d heard while they’d been discussing Anise (for a cultivator, it was normal to do multiple things at once. They could remain aware of the area around them, always ready for battle, and still do other things), up to a thousand ordinary disciples died every year in the Forest of Shadows.
They had to watch out for strong monsters, poisonous plants, and many creatures that Hadjar didn’t know much about. In addition, they’d heard a legend about how the forest itself had darkened because some cultivator who’d used negative energy had been buried here in ancient times. Their energy had been so dark that misusing it could turn a human into a demon. Despite the fact that Hadjar had seen this unnatural energy with his own eyes, he strongly suspected this legend wasn’t true. The demons were most likely something as alien as the gods.
“I wonder what kind of pressure the Storm Mountain exudes…” Einen said thoughtfully.
Among the six zones of ‘The Holy Sky’ School, there were the safest, like the Forest of Shadows or the Valley of Swamps, and the most deadly, where even the personal disciples along with their Masters and Mentors could perish... The most dangerous of all the areas surrounding Dahanatan was considered to be the Storm Mountain.
“I don’t even want to think about that yet,” Hadjar snapped. “Let’s cross that bridge when we come to it.”
“I agree, my friend. We’ll find out sooner or later.”
While they dreamed of adventures and new discoveries, they weren’t fools. The levels of cultivation were something ephemeral and blurred. For example, a Heaven Soldier at the initial stage could sometimes fight almost on equal terms with a Spirit Knight. And a Spirit Knight could sometimes lose to a simple practitioner.
One’s power didn’t really depend on the amount of energy that a cultivator used, but on their knowledge, skills, Techniques, artifacts, and how deeply they plunged their consciousness into the mysteries of the spirit along whose path they travelled. The world of martial arts was complicated. Where one could go easily, another couldn’t make a single step.
“I think our priority should be acquiring Glory points.”
“I hear a slightly different meaning in your words than before.”
“Yeah…” Hadjar said. “After exchanging blows with Anise-”
“After she knocked you down with a single effort of her will,” Einen corrected with a snort.
“Okay, sure,” Hadjar agreed easily. “After that, I felt like her understanding of the Sword Spirit went beyond a mere Wielder’s comprehension. That’s why, my friend, I think that you and I can still do more with our weapons.”
“Yes, I feel it too. After the battle with Ragar, I was able to grasp other mysteries of the Spear Spirit, but I can’t put them together. I don’t see a way forward.”
“It’s the same for me.”
Einen turned to Hadjar. His inhuman, purple eyes flashed.
“You discovered something.”
“Back when we first came to the Hall of Fame,” Hadjar nodded. “The Masters train the inner circle disciples in the ways of the Spirits. I think if we want to improve our weapon skills, it can only be done there.”
The islander thought about it for a moment.
“I don’t think that’s necessarily true,” he said at last. “We’ll probably find scrolls and books on the subject in the Treasure Tower.”
Hadjar, after considering the suggestion, came to the same conclusion. Unwritten knowledge was lost knowledge. So, there must’ve been a source of information to be found there, in addition to training with the Masters.
“Then we’ll split up,” Hadjar suggested. They’d already gone several miles into the forest, but so far, they hadn’t encountered a single living soul. “One of us will go to the Masters’ training, and the other will copy the scrolls.”
Einen nodded.
“By the way, what task did you take?”
“We’re supposed to gather the leaves of the Night Shrub,” the islander replied. “Forty points for ninety pounds.”
“Forty points for ninety pounds?” Hadjar couldn’t help but cry out. “One shrub weighs about fifty grams!”
Einen opened his mouth, but didn’t have time to say anything.
“Forty-seven, to be exact.”
Hadjar and Einen were in a ravine. The people who came out of the thickets on its edges had the advantage of high ground.
“When you spend decades plucking the bloody shrubs clean all day long, you can determine how many grams you will collect from them at a glance.” The muscular giant, Araz, was standing in front of a crowd of more than thirty people. “But I don’t think you’ll get a chance to learn that particular skill. Kill them!”
Chapter 437
“I’ve been waiting for this!” Hadjar shouted.
Freeing his left foot from the stirrup, he pushed off the saddle with his right knee. Hovering above the ground, he struck four arrows with two elusive swings of his sword. Each of the arrows looked like a Phoenix’s feather. Wrapped in flames, they blazed through the air, leaving a trail of gray smoke behind. Hadjar didn’t recognize this Technique, but the fact that it was being used simultaneously by four different cultivators following the Arrow Path suggested that it was very common in the Empire.
Einen, in turn, immediately dove into the shadows and jumped out of them in the center of the ravine, twirling his staff around him. Forming a kind of circular barrier, he deflected one arrow after another. For him, it was as easy as swatting mosquitos. The islander’s defensive Techniques had reached a point where Hadjar could honestly say that he wasn’t capable of the same feats. Just like how Einen wasn’t capable of attacking as well as his ‘barbarian friend’.
“Melee!” Araz commanded.
The giant himself was in no hurry to fight. The more ‘comrades’ died in this battle, the more Glory points he would get. Both from the newbies and from his dead ‘friends’.
As soon as Einen and Hadjar got off their Three-horned deer, the animals rushed into the thicket. They didn’t escape, they just hid. The trained deer knew exactly what to do…
Landing on the grass, back to back with Einen, Hadjar deflected several more fire feather arrows. The archers weren’t going to stop trying to kill the newcomers.
From the edges of the ravine, using the cover of the Bow Techniques, the melee fighters rushed in to attack. About twenty Heaven Soldiers surrounded Hadjar and Einen, but the duo didn’t look scared.
Fools, Araz thought, they think they’re as strong as fully-fledged disciples.
The giant knew quite well that two fully-fledged disciples, even the weakest among them, could easily defeat a group of even forty ordinary disciples.
“Can you handle them?” Hadjar asked.
Dodging an arrow, he deflected another and sent back a crescent of blue energy that held a sharp silhouette of a sword within. His attack, infused with the will of a Wielder, travelled seventy paces, first encountering the exposed bow, and, after splitting it in half, cut off the head of the cultivator archer who’d been too surprised to react. First blood had been spilled. It made the other attackers hesitate a little. These two unfortunate ‘beasts’ had been trapped and were suddenly revealing just how dangerous their fangs and claws were. They were not to be trifled with.
“Handle twenty warriors?” Einen, continuing to spin his staff, deflecting a hail of fire feathers, arched his right eyebrow. “I can hold them back for thirty seconds. After that, you’ll have to accompany me to my forefathers.”
“Then I’ll have to do it in twenty-five!”
Einen looked at Hadjar. The islander knew they could deal with twenty melee fighters, but those fighters were being supported by archers, so their meeting with their forefathers was only a matter of time.
He’d guessed Hadjar’s plan the moment he’d asked the question. But what did his plan mean? It meant that Einen would have to put his life and his future in someone else’s hands. However, these were his friend’s hands!
“On the count of three!” Einen shouted.
His skin was quickly covered in iridescent scales. The shadow beneath the islander’s feet rose up like a black column, then expanded to form an ape torso. It bared its fangs and beat its powerful, ghostly, rainbow-armored chest.
A fighter who still didn’t understand what they were dealing with decided to attack them head-on. He raised a hammer over his head and, leaping forward, brought it down in a crushing blow. The energy surrounding it took the form of the cultivator’s weapon, only made of ice and topped with a five-foot-long spike.
“Sixth stance: Wind!” Hadjar roared.
The black cloak materialized across his shoulders, and the simple artifact in his hands turned into the blade of black fog. Leaving behind a ghostly haze and illusory silhouettes, he moved to the edge of the ravine in just a split second.
At that moment, Einen lunged forward with his staff. In response, the armored ape clenched its fist and struck the ice hammer. The foes smiled. Their comrade’s Technique was known to many of the ordinary disciples. It was considered to be an attack that a person could dodge, but couldn’t protect themselves from. Designed to break through protective Techniques, it was the bane of cultivators like Einen.
This can’t be! The thought flashed through the dying man’s mind.
The armored ape’s fist contained not just the crushing power of an energy that was superior to that of a Heaven Soldier’s at the initial stage, but also the mysteries of the Spear Spirit. The fist had the speed and penetrating power of a spear!
“He’s a Wiel-” The cultivator had no time to warn his comrades. The ape’s fist easily broke through the ice hammer and, continuing forward, punched through the warrior’s body. The hammer fell to the ground. Blood spurted from the dead man’s mouth. His body twitched a couple of times in agony and went still. Einen, through a slight effort of will, collected all the Glory points from the enemy’s token. Since he’d already paid for training, there wasn’t much left. Only twenty-four. However, compared to what he’d earn collecting the leaves of the Night Shrub, it was a huge amount when you factored in how quickly he’d earned them.
“Legon!” Several of their attackers shouted.
The deceased had been someone’s friend, son, brother, maybe even a lover. However, that didn’t really bother Einen or Hadjar. Everyone who came for their lives had to be ready to give up their own. They had no mercy for their enemies, and they didn’t spare their lives! This was the credo of real warriors!
Out of the corner of his eye, Hadjar saw Einen send the enemy cultivator to his forefathers with a single blow.
“One-one,” he hissed.
Blurring into a black fog and leaving behind afterimages, he moved closer to one of the archers. His sword, shrouded not only in the mysterious black fog, but also in the blue-black energy, moved with the smoothness of a breeze and the speed of lightning descending from the sky. Leaving a misty trail in its wake, the black blade easily overcame the archer’s defensive Technique and sliced through his artifact armor. A fountain of blood gushed out, and the cultivator’s severed torso slowly slid to the ground. The man hadn’t even understood what was happening. Hadjar didn’t even look at his body.
“Wind!” He shouted again.
His energy was melting away, but if he didn’t deal with the archers, the battle would be lost. He didn’t have time to admire his ‘victories’. Fortunately, he managed to grab the Glory points from the enemy’s token in passing. Only sixteen of them, but still.
As this was happening, Einen, who’d been holding his staff behind his back, suddenly brought it forward as he lunged.
“Boulder Storm!” The islander shouted.
His staff blurred into a series of high-speed attacks, and the ape’s paws disappeared. A hail of blows coming from various angles rained down on the attackers, blocking them from advancing. The two fists were striking so quickly that the Heaven Soldiers’ eyes  almost couldn’t discern them. Each strike contained the mysteries of the Spear Spirit. The cultivators froze. They didn’t even have time to use their Techniques as they had to dodge and escape from the ferocious attacks.
Three of them, however, risked trying to use their Offensive Techniques. Two cultivators immediately fell backward, apparently accomplishing nothing. Their chests had gaping holes in them. Their eyes glossed over.
The third flew several feet away and crashed into the slope of the ravine. His artifact armor saved him. Split open down the middle, it had dug its edges into the cultivator’s chest. He wouldn’t be able to fight again anytime soon, but he was still breathing.
“Three-two,” Einen said, panting.
Now everything depended on whether Hadjar could deal with the archers before the islander could no longer maintain his Call. They were once again playing tag with death and, by the High Heavens, it was the two friends’ favorite game!
Chapter 438
Before the dead archer’s body finished collapsing to the ground, blood and viscera spraying everywhere, all the other archers took aim at the fog-shrouded figure. Their bowstrings sang in perfect unison.
Four fire feathers, whirling like drills, shot at Hadjar. His sword, leaving an arc of dark mist behind it, floated through the air. Two crescents overlapped into an X shape and rushed to meet the arrow-feathers. The archers grinned. They used their energy and their eyes flashed. Hadjar felt an unfamiliar sensation, the presence of the Bow Spirit. At the same time, two of the arrows vibrated and split into dozens of non-illusory copies.
The nearest arrow also tried to multiply, but instead disappeared in a flash of darkness, destroyed by Hadjar’s crescents. The remaining arrow, as if possessing a mind of its own, seemed to skirt around the crescents. Hadjar watched in bewilderment as the enemies’ arrows circumvented his counterattack and flew toward his heart.
“Calm Wind,” Hadjar said.
The ground around him sagged as if a giant elephant had stepped on it. The archers’ Techniques lost almost half their speed. However, they were still smiling. Even if Hadjar now had enough time to repel the looping arrow-feather, the other ones would turn him into a porcupine. Hadjar understood this, too. His thoughts raced at an insane speed. He didn’t have time to fight off the guided arrow and dodge the others. And even if he dodged the shower of arrows, he would still be impaled by the looping Technique. There was only one way out.
Grabbing the edges of his dark fog cloak, Hadjar spun on his heels. The cultivators watched in disbelief as their foe was momentarily covered in the black fog. The arrow that had cut through the air was caught by this swirl of black fog. Suddenly, the vortex of darkness stopped. He shot out his left hand. The edge of the hideous cloak held in it straightened, and the arrow-feather flew backward.
Even so, after redirecting the attack, the swordsman now had no time to repel or dodge the hail of arrows. However, as it turned out, he didn’t intend to try.
The downward pressure of the wind increased. The ground, with another crack, sank deeper. Now, even those who weren’t standing near the swordsman found it harder to breathe. They felt as if they’d lost almost a tenth of their power resisting the pressure of the wind.
Hadjar pushed off from the ground. The sheer force of his leap caused cracks to spread outward in a spider web pattern. Lightly, like a leaf floating in the wind, he dropped the toe of his foot onto a flying fire feather. He’d done a similar trick once before, so he knew what to do. However, his opponents were clearly facing such a trick for the first time. Before they could react, the fire feather rounded the wall of arrows and carried Hadjar straight toward the archer who’d launched it. The cultivator, not believing his own eyes, got his own Technique rammed directly into his open mouth. The feather broke through and out the back of his head, getting lodged in a nearby tree. Hadjar, however, pushed off from the drooping head of the suddenly dead archer and landed directly between the two remaining archers.
Hadjar landed so hard his feet dug into the cold stone up to his ankles. The edges of his fog cloak spread out, covering everything in a five-yard radius around him in a thick haze. With a wave of his hand and an effort of will, the mysteries of the Sword Spirit flew into this veil. To a Wielder, everything was a sword — a stick, a bit of grass, a drop of water, a gust of wind, or a cloak of black fog summoned by their Call.
The wisps of darkness thickened, and then two black blades shot out. One of the archers didn’t even have time to react. Even among the ordinary disciples of ‘The Holy Sky’ School, there were few Wielders. Power sometimes didn’t come with the wisdom needed to wield it, and truly Wielding weapons required both wisdom and a deep understanding of one’s Spirit’s path.
Pierced by the misty blade, the archer jerked a couple of times, and when the blade that had killed him dissipated, his body collapsed to the ground. Dark blood flowed down into the ravine where Einen was fighting.
His rainbow-armored ape was pressing his enemies, but since they’d felt the full power of the unfamiliar Technique, they weren’t planning to charge in for a frontal assault. They harassed Einen, attacking from a medium distance. A boy, no more than twenty years old (the islander determined his age not by his foe’s appearance, but by his aura), swung a heavy sword. No more than six feet tall, he used a giant sword that was twelve inches wide, five inches thick, and more than two yards long. It must’ve weighed at least six hundred pounds. The powerful warrior’s muscles bulged with every swing he made, standing out like boulders.
Heavy swords were one of the rarest weapons. Inherently difficult to wield, they demanded not just a talent for the path of the Sword Spirit from their owner, but also a high proficiency in Techniques for Strengthening the Body.
Anyone who reached the level of a true cultivator could lift three times more weight than before, but they couldn’t use such unwieldy weapons in battle. Any missteps could lead to a severe, even fatal, injury. At the same time, if a cultivator reached a certain skill level in wielding a heavy sword, they became one of the most frightening opponents you could ever face. Their attacks would have such crushing power that they easily compensated for any slowness, and their pressure became so terrible that it completely negated the need for protection. A single direct hit from a mid-stage Heaven Soldier wielding a heavy sword could kill even a Spirit Knight.
“Rage of the Rhino!” The cultivator shouted.
He made two sweeping slashes with his monstrous blade. A mighty wave of power appeared, so immense that it tore up huge chunks of earth and uprooted stones  as it surged toward Einen. Both of these attacks created streams of power coming in from different directions. When they met in the center, they formed a vortex of power. It nearly uprooted the ground they were all standing on. It stretched out and took the shape of a rhinoceros horn.
It was a huge horn, bearing down with incredible force. It was at least thirteen feet long and seven feet wide.
However, the foes didn’t stop there. Two adepts with clubs attacked with their weapons as well. Their Techniques looked like huge, ghostly maces. They followed right behind the horn.
The sight of this attack enraged Einen. Plunging his staff-spear into the ground, he roared and poured two-thirds of his power into the Technique. The shadow ape beat its mighty chest. It expanded and grew, and its paws gradually began to solidify. Sweat rolled down Einen’s forehead.
He wasn’t able to fully call forth his totem beast, but even so, the mighty ape in rainbow armor was able to block the horn. The force of their collision was so great that Einen couldn’t protect himself from it and the echo of the clash harmed his body. Spitting out blood, the islander kept going. The horn sank into the body of one of their foes. After a direct hit, nothing remained of the man, only his crumpled silver token which fell to the ground.
The islander ignored the two manifestations of crushing power. Reaching into his pocket, he popped two alchemical pills into his mouth. The explosion of energy in Einen’s body created such a vortex of power that the edges of his clothes fluttered. Both ghostly maces struck where he’d been standing. A crater with a diameter of several yards was revealed once the dust settled. However, the islander was no longer there.
Directly behind one of the foes, a ten-foot-tall ape appeared, covering him with its huge shadow. With a mighty snarl, it struck the dazed young man with savage speed and power. The body of the young boy, who only last year had been so proud that he’d become an ordinary disciple, flew through the air like a ragdoll and landed on the edge of the ravine, right next to the corpse that had been impaled by the fog blade a moment ago.
Hadjar, without a moment’s hesitation, charged the last archer.
Chapter 439
The last of the archers managed to use a defensive Technique. The black blade missed him after he turned into an arrow and, without leaving any afterimages behind, moved a dozen yards to the side in a second.
His quiver was empty, but that didn’t seem to bother the warrior. Exhaling, he concentrated his power around his fingers. The energy turned into an arrow that vibrated with power, one created from the pure ‘water’ of the World River. It shone with rays of power so tangible that they punched holes in the leaves on the nearby trees. This was the archer’s most powerful attack — a combination of instant movement and a shot with maximum force behind it. Using it, he’d sent more than a dozen newcomers to their forefathers. Perhaps these boys and girls had had enough talent to be the strongest in their villages, but they’d lacked experience with true fights to the death. Only after a few years as disciples could they have acquired enough skill to fight those who were weaker than them, but more experienced.
Hadjar, seeing that his opponent had put distance between them and begun channelling an attack, sighed sadly. Seven years ago, he’d taught the fighters in his Bear squad to avoid such mistakes. The archer clearly lacked combat experience.
“Falling leaf,” Hadjar said, envisioning an autumn leaf falling from a branch and landing on the archer’s chest.
The cultivator had prepared his combination attack utilizing the Movement Technique and Offensive Technique in less than a second. Despite this amazing speed, the sword was always faster than the bow. Hadjar’s own attack was three times faster. He didn’t try to dodge or put up a defense that wouldn’t help in this case, he just attacked, leaving himself completely open. But there was no foe left to take advantage of the opening. The boy archer, as that was how the former Mad General who’d crossed the Sea of Sand perceived him, fell, a gaping wound stretching from his collarbone to his groin. Before he died, he managed to launch his arrow, but missed wildly, guided by Hadjar’s own slash. The arrow, created from a stream of purest energy, shot away in a completely different direction. Instead of hitting Hadjar, it hit a man who’d snuck up behind Einen and was trying to attack him from behind. The arrow struck him so hard he flew a dozen yards through the air and collapsed at Araz’s feet. The leader of the attackers, still calm and haughty, continued to watch the fight. He’d lost all his archers, and only sixteen of the melee fighters were left, but that didn’t concern him at all.
No matter how strong these two newcomers were, their Calls would soon come to an end, and the accumulated energy in their bodies would run out. Even if they had plenty of energy-restoring pills, they were unlikely to hold out against sixteen cultivators. The battle was a foregone conclusion.
“Wind!” Hadjar roared.
As he ran, leaving behind illusory afterimages in his wake, Hadjar moved down to Einen. Standing back to back once more, they watched their foes circling them.
“What’s the score?” Hadjar asked breathlessly.
“I lost count,” Einen said calmly. “We’ll discuss it when we finish this.”
“I like the confidence in your voice,” Hadjar said, popping two pills in his mouth as well.
With the funds they’d gained from ‘extorting’ Rahaim and the Patriarch of ‘The Black Gates’ sect’s ring, they’d bought several elixirs and pills. They’d thought that they wouldn’t need to touch their ‘emergency supplies’ for a long time, but after just a week at ‘The Holy Sky’ School, they’d already wasted half of them.
“Strong Wind!” Hadjar shouted.
A wind didn’t surge out of his blade. On the contrary, a blue storm with dark dragon-swords writhing within it enveloped Hadjar’s sword, and he charged into the ranks of their enemies. He dodged an axe that whistled past overhead, the result of a Technique that looked oddly like a woodcutter’s axe. He swung his sword and a part of the storm separated from the black blade. Having absorbed the mysteries of the Sword Spirit, it turned into a wave of cutting wind. The axe wielder’s body split in half and fell at Hadjar’s feet, who continued his mad and merciless dance.
He parried another attack with the flat of his blade and made a swift lunge. Another part of the storm transformed into a replica of the black sword and pierced through another cultivator’s head. It hit him right between the eyes and he dropped his weapon and fell to the ground silently.
After his battle with the archers, Hadjar’s cloak, which served as an indicator of how much energy was left in his inner dragon, had barely covered his shoulder blades, but now it was creeping back toward the ground.
Einen wasn’t far behind. His ape destroyed the enemies even faster than Hadjar’s sword. Swords had always been best in single combat, while spears and staves had been made to fight off numerous foes.
Spinning his staff, Einen broke his enemies’ bodies without any mercy, not missing a single attack. After impaling the nearest cultivator on the ape’s fist-spear, he only had to think it and his shadow beast tore the warrior apart with a roar.
Blood flew in all directions. The eyes of the inexperienced disciples reflected a glint of horror, but their pride didn’t allow them to back down. Dodging the pieces of flesh, they rushed to attack once more. Einen had been waiting for this, for the moment when the fighters who hadn’t yet passed the crucible of endless battles for their lives decided that they would overwhelm him with numbers. Four of the nine warriors facing the islander remained where they were. But five of them charged him.
“Boulder Storm!”
Einen’s spear blurred into a series of frantic thrusts, and the ape’s fists turned into a hail of blows. They crushed their enemies with brutal efficiency, leaving them no chance to escape. Tearing bodies apart with ease, the shadow ape clad in rainbow armor annihilated the foes. It crumpled metal armor, broke artifact weapons, and even the drops of blood that managed to escape its reach were few. Within a radius of several steps around Einen, all beings were doomed to perish.
Hadjar also tore into the enemy with deadly precision. He spun between them with graceful surety. His movements, quick and measured, were devoid of anything superfluous. Where someone else would’ve taken two steps, he took only one. Where someone else, fearing for their own safety, would’ve tried to leave a few inches between themselves and an enemy’s blade, Hadjar was content to dodge by a hair’s breadth. Only now, after years of training and battles, could he fight as he had that day against the Patriarch of ‘The Black Gates’ sect. The young disciples couldn’t resist the onslaught of one who fought with the ferocity of a beast and the skill of a General.
Deep in the swirling dance of black fog, Hadjar, leaving countless afterimages behind, left five butchered bodies on the ground after just a few moments. So much blood had already been spilled in the ravine that the friends’ feet were buried in it up to their ankles.
“Together?” Einen asked.
“Together,” Hadjar nodded.
“Boulder Storm!”
“Spring Wind!”
The two attacks merged into a storm, a black ocean of death. Flashes of light, like dark pearls, fell on the heads of the last four disciples. They were experienced and possessed various protective artifacts and Techniques. One of them threw a seemingly ordinary handkerchief in front of him. However, the hieroglyph that lit up across its white surface was anything but. All four of them were quickly covered in a white shroud.
“The White Queen’s Requiem,” the cultivator said. “This artifact is at the initial stage of the Spirit Knight level-”
Before he could finish bragging, the artifact that had saved his life more than once started to give way.
“It can’t be!” The four cultivators shouted in unison.
They couldn’t believe that the newbies had the power to break through the defenses of a Spirit Knight level artifact. They couldn’t have known that, even while still being mere Heaven Soldiers, Hadjar and Einen had the kind of power that had made Rahaim look at them with scientific interest.
Four more corpses fell at the friends’ feet. The battle was over. Only the cries of the ravens sounded amongst the treetops that were swaying calmly as leaves fell silently into the small pool of blood that the bottom of the ravine had turned into.
“I demand a duel!” Araz roared. Only a minute ago, he’d been confident in his victory, and now he was alone against both of these monstrous newcomers. Both warriors were breathing heavily. Their Calls were almost devoid of energy. Hadjar’s cloak was only down to his waist. Einen’s rainbow armor was covered in deep cracks. Even then, they were still a threat.
“If you have any honor, you will agree to a duel!”
Chapter 440
Neither Hadjar nor Einen bothered to remind the giant that there was little honor in sending young men and women into battle while the leader stayed back. Even now, Araz’s request contained neither decency nor honor. The warrior still hoped that, if he could defeat one of his two opponents in a duel by some miracle, he would have a chance to get out of this mess not just alive, but also a winner.
“I demand a duel!” He declared again, a bit more petulantly this time.
Plate mail gloves shaped like tiger heads appeared on his hands. They were an artifact at the Heaven level. The friends wondered where a simple ordinary disciple had gotten such an expensive weapon…
“I’ll deal with him.” Einen’s voice was weary.
“Maybe it would be better for us to do it together?” Hadjar suggested. “He isn’t worth wasting our time on, my friend.”
“I’m not going to waste our time.”
The islander opened his eyes properly, showing the purple irises of his inhuman eyes. Realizing that his friend had a trump card up his sleeve, Hadjar didn’t insist. Dismissing his Call, he picked his sword up from the ground and returned it to its scabbard, taking a few steps back.
Araz, who’d already put some energy-restoring pills in his mouth, slid down the slope that was slick with blood. Stopping in front of Einen, he slammed his fists together. A metallic tinkle caused the surface of the blood pool to shimmer. Concentric circles spread across its surface like someone had thrown a stone in. Araz was clearly stronger than anyone in his gang had been. That was probably why he’d been their leader.
Einen saluted in the local manner. It was how any duel of honor began. However, before the islander had even finished the salute, Araz shouted, “Diamond Fist!”
The tigers on his battle gloves came to life and snarled, gnashing their teeth. The energy around his hands, forearms, and collarbones took the form of diamonds. The whirlwind of power that burst out from the cultivator’s body scattered the earth and blood, creating a dry space around Araz’s legs.
“Look out!” Hadjar shouted.
He drew his blade and ran in to help, but it was too late.
Curse the High Heavens! It had been foolish to expect honorable conduct from a man like Araz. The destructive power of such a Technique, backed by the power of a Heaven level artifact, would be almost as terrible as a direct hit from a Heavy Sword Technique.
The giant’s attack exceeded all of Hadjar’s expectations. Even if he was still at the middle stage of the Heaven Soldier level, Araz could’ve fought Ragar on equal terms thanks to his training and artifact.
In his mind’s eye, Hadjar saw Einen fail to block the attack in time and get launched back; he landed on his back, a fountain of blood spurting from his mouth.
It happened just like that. A dead body landed on the ground. Only it wasn’t Einen’s body, but Araz’s.
“River Serpent,” Einen said.
He did it more for Hadjar’s sake than to help himself concentrate on the Technique. Only now, after the attack itself, was Hadjar able to comprehend what had happened from memory. The islander’s lunge had been so fast that Hadjar had been unable to even distinguish the afterimages. This attack was faster than any attack Hadjar had ever seen before.
A staff-spear was a shorter weapon than a simple spear. It had far more maneuverability and speed. However, its short reach remained its greatest weakness. Einen had found a Technique that compensated for this weakness. It gathered energy at the very tip of the staff-spear, then concentrated it into an unimaginably small but equally dense point. Then it imbued the staff-spear with the mysteries of the Spear Spirit and sent it flying. The attack, which traveled in a straight line, was several times weaker, but ten times faster than the similar Technique of Sunshine Sankesh Hadjar had been forced to contend with.
Araz  probably hadn’t even understood what, like the thinnest of threads, had pierced his head. The life was draining from his eyes, and his body was convulsing in its death throes.
“So that’s why you needed the cores of all sorts of crawling monsters,” Hadjar suddenly realized.
“Exactly.” Einen nodded, and with an effort of will, he gathered all the Glory points from the bodies that had died at his hands. “Three hundred and seventeen. Not a bad haul for a day’s work.”
“Two hundred and ninety-six,” Hadjar said. “Yes, it’s not bad, but…”
He moved his hand away from his hip. There was a long, deep gash across his leg, left by someone’s axe. Hot blood trickled down his back as well. There was also a wound from someone’s sword that had cut into his flesh. There were numerous cuts on his arms.
Einen, though he appeared unharmed, was a bit unsteady on his feet and often spat out blood. The attacks on the rainbow ape had left their traces inside the islander’s meridians and nodes. Such wounds, even if they were treated faster than bodily ones, were much more dangerous when they didn’t receive the proper care.
“Do you think we’ll be able to sell their artifacts?” Einen asked as they both climbed out of the ravine and sat down on the trampled grass.
“Who knows? As they say in Lidus, the barn gets filled grain by grain.”
With an effort of will, Hadjar collected all the artifacts that were scattered on the ground. There were so many of them that only a few acres of space remained in the storage ring.
“What a useful-”
Before Hadjar could finish praising the ring, Einen suddenly slammed his fist into the palm of his hand.
“That’s the solution!”
Hadjar had never seen his friend so happy before. Except for the time when, after their adventure in the Sea of Sand, they’d visited the brothel of Underworld City.
“The solution?”
Suddenly, it dawned on Hadjar. What was the main problem of collecting leaves from the shrubs? The fact that they had to be separated from the branches in a tedious manner that wasted time. No one, not even the most skilled Heaven Soldier, had such deep control over their power that they could use it to do this work instead. It was different with using raw will. Especially when a special artifact, originally created for collecting and storing things, became the instrument of said will.
“I’m positive,” Hadjar said, looking at the crumpled ring on his finger, “that this spatial artifact has never been used for such purposes before.”
“Have you seen how much they cost?” Einen asked.
Indeed, even the simplest spatial artifacts, such as the one Hadjar possessed, were worth about fifteen thousand Imperial coins! A truly princely sum for which a person could probably buy a cheap Imperial level artifact!
“All right, let’s go back to the School. We’ve had enough adventures for one day, and we’ve even earned some points.”
“I agree, my barbarian friend. More than ever, we need a plan. I’m afraid that, after this battle, the number of people who want to send us to our forefathers will only increase.”
“And you know what, my bald friend?” Hadjar tapped his scabbard. “There is only one fate for all of them.”
Einen responded with a very bloodthirsty smile
The friends whistled and their Three-horned deer appeared out of the Forest of Shadows. They had waited out the danger and were now once again ready to perform the duties in exchange for which they were so well fed and groomed. Leaping into their saddles, grunting in pain and spitting out blood, Einen and Hadjar started riding back.
“By the way, my friend,” Hadjar said, filling his pipe and pulling out a match, “while we’re riding, can you tell me about the elves?”
“What do you want to know about them?” The islander didn’t ask why his friend from the north knew who elves were, but knew nothing else about them.
“Everything.”
“Well, in that case, we should start with-”
Neither of them was surprised when their conversation was interrupted.
Right in front of the deer, grabbing the animals by their reins, the girl with pink skin, white hair, and long ears fell from the sky. She had the aura of a Heaven Soldier at the peak stage, but the power she exuded was comparable to a Spirit Knight.
“Let me tell you instead.” Dora Marnil smiled innocently, showing off a big hammer. It was an Imperial level artifact!
Chapter 441
This time, the elf girl was close enough for Hadjar to examine her from head to toe. The first thing that caught his eye was that she was young, no older than fifteen. However, even at that age, the girl had enough power to kill ten of him.
As for her appearance, she was incredibly beautiful, and apart from her unnaturally white hair and long ears, she wasn’t that different from female human cultivators.
“What does the eldest heir of House Marnil need from two ordinary disciples?”
Hadjar glanced at Einen. The islander replied with an imperceptible movement of his eyebrow, which translated to: ‘While you were relaxing, I was studying the political situation of the Empire.’ Hadjar didn’t bother reminding him that he’d been negotiating with Rahaim.
After his friend’s question, he looked at the girl in a very different light. There were always many heirs in every clan — from two to twenty people. The term ‘heir’ was similar but also very different from how it was used back on Earth, or even in Lidus. Depending on their seniority and proximity to the main family, their status differed. For example, Tom Dinos, from the Predatory Blades clan, was the lowest-ranked heir of that clan. Hadjar even thought that Tom was the bastard of one of the side branches.
As for the eldest heir, they were always a single person, the ‘true’ heir, if you will. They were the third most important person in the clan, after the head of the clan and the elders. The internal hierarchy of the clans was as complex as that of a country. Hadjar had no time to deal with all of it.
“Well,” Dora’s smile was so white it blinded the friends briefly. “I don’t need anything from you specifically. But as I was passing by, I saw you fighting against the other disciples.”
“It was an impressive sight, wasn’t it?” Hadjar stared at the hammer still looming in front of his face.
It didn’t surprise him that the slender and fragile-looking elf was able to hold a two-hundred-pound weapon. In addition, after living for almost three decades in this strange world, he’d long ago stopped caring about the stereotypes from back on Earth. An elf with a hammer? Sure. He wouldn’t react even if he saw an orc with a pipe and a long, gray beard.
“It was impressive,” Dora nodded. “That you had a spatial artifact, that is.”
Hadjar frowned. He’d seen the warships of the Marnil clan in the sky of the city. Her clan surely had enough money to buy hundreds of rings just like Hadjar’s. They probably had far more valuable ‘trinkets’ gathering dust.
“Then I’ll paraphrase my question,” Einen replied patiently. “What does the heiress of House Marnil want with a cheap spatial ring?”
“Cheap?” Hadjar muttered. “It’s a war trophy.”
“I’ve got orders I need to follow,” Dora said.
With her free hand, she tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and looked at them. It was a purely reflexive, feminine action. But, by the High Heavens, after seeing it, hundreds of men would be willing to sell their souls for a night with her.
“And they involve the Forest of Shadows?” Hadjar asked.
“Didn’t anyone teach you, junior disciple, that if you don’t interrupt people, you’ll get to the point faster?” The elf girl said reproachfully. Hadjar rolled his eyes. He was being lectured by a child half his age. “I’m not on a mission from ‘The Holy Sky’ School... although I took a task, of course. It said something about the leaves of a shrub. Who would want to waste their time collecting such things if they can just buy them in any herb shop?”
Hadjar and Einen looked at each other. This girl, who’d grown up in one of the richest and most influential families in the country, had clearly never wanted for anything.
“Do you have a mission from the Marnil clan?”
“I can’t tell you that.” Dora responded, shaking her head. However, the answer was clear. “The only thing you need to know is that I need your spatial ring.”
The girl pointed to Hadjar’s hand, or more precisely, at the ring finger where he wore the battered artifact.
“With all due respect, eldest heir of House Marnil,” Einen bowed courteously, “I’m sure that you have enough money to buy a dozen such rings.”
“With all due respect, junior disciple,” she mockingly imitated the islander, “I’m not asking for the ring, but telling you that I’m going to take it. It’s in my power, even without my clan crest, to take this ring away from you.”
For a moment, her blue eyes flashed with fierce power compared to which the might of Sankesh had been pitiful. She was a Heaven Soldier, but she was clearly a cut above the ones Hadjar had met before. He wondered how much the boundaries between the levels of cultivation could blur… Or did it all depend on one’s personal talent? Damn it, the world of martial arts was demonically complex!
“That’s right,” Hadjar said. The black fog surged up around him, and the black blade appeared in his hands. Beside him, Einen’s shadows started writhing eerily, and the blade of his spear popped out of his staff. “But that doesn’t mean that either of us will bow our heads to you, little elf.”
They stared at each other for some time. Finally, with a sigh, Dora lowered her hammer and, with a wave of her hand, sent it back into her spatial artifact, which looked like a small locket hanging around her neck.
“I respect you, junior disciples,” she said. “There is nothing more surprising than when geniuses without any support come from the most remote corners of the Empire and become disciples of such a prestigious School as ‘The Holy Sky’.”
She saluted the two shocked friends who’d already gotten used to being treated with contempt by the other senior disciples. Moving her fist away from her heart, she turned and started walking toward the forest.
“By the High Heavens, I’ll certainly regret this later,” Hadjar said wearily, and called out to the girl: “Wait, heiress! Whatever you’re doing, we agree to help you, just tell us what we need to know about the upcoming adventure.”
In fact, Hadjar and Einen had agreed from almost the very beginning to join the adventure. They’d felt no hostility coming from Dora, even if she’d tried to hide her feelings. After all, she wasn’t dealing with inexperienced youngsters, but with a duo of experienced travelers, an ex-pirate and an ex-General. Why were they so willing to join her? Because that’s why they’d come to the capital of the Empire in the first place. Not just to learn more about cultivation, but to encounter new, scary, and deadly challenges as well. For only by overcoming these kinds of perils could they become stronger. Significantly stronger.
The girl froze. She stood there for a while, thinking, and then turned and walked back to Hadjar.
“You will probably lose your ring in the upcoming adventure, but I promise to give you a worthy reward in return: Glory points, money, or... my personal gratitude.”
The elf girl’s cheeks flushed slightly at that last bit. Hadjar choked and waved the offer off.
“We’ll do it without the latter, honorable senior heiress.”
The prospect of sleeping with this young heiress of a clan didn’t appeal to him. Although, if Anise had offered... High Heavens, how difficult it all was…
“Well, since we’re allies now,” Einen started again. “Tell us, Dora, why do you need a cheap ring?”
The elf girl shook her head and took out her knife.
“Oaths first.” She said, cutting her hand. “I swear that I won’t harm my allies until our mission is over.”
The girl’s blood, which was flickering slightly and clearly different from human blood, burst into flames, and the wound healed, leaving a thin scar behind.
“You can just swear not to disclose the information I’ll give you.”
Naturally, out of pride, Einen and Hadjar vowed to both not divulge her secrets and to not harm the elf.
“I can tell you everything now,” she said with a sigh of relief. “My father controls all my expenses, so I can’t save up for a spatial artifact. And I need it to catch one of the spirits that live around here.”
“To catch a spirit?” The two men asked in unison. “That’s impossible!”
“Only if you don’t know how,” Dora said, and fished a scroll out of her spatial artifact. “This is one of the volumes from my clan’s Technique library. It’s a Forbidden Technique that I stole.”
“A Forbidden Technique?” Einen stepped back.
“I take it,” Hadjar sighed again, “That I’m the only one who doesn’t know what a Forbidden Technique is. Did you say you stole it?”
“Yeah. That’s why everything has to go as smoothly as possible, otherwise I... and you two as well, will have a very hard time.”
Well, they got what they’d wanted. They’d been looking for adventures and had found even more than they’d bargained for.
Chapter 442
The newly formed three-person squad rode beneath the black canopy of the trees. The darkness crept under the hooves of their Three-horned deer (apparently, Dora’s father really restricted her finances if she was riding such a relatively cheap ‘transport’), and the prolonged cawing of local crows and other flying scavengers filled the air above them.
“Let’s start from the beginning,” Hadjar held his hand on the hilt of his sword. Like the others, he was constantly on alert in this dangerous and creepy forest. “What is a Forbidden Technique?”
The elf girl looked at Einen:
“Where did you find your friend?”
“In the Sea of Sand,” the islander replied calmly. “He came there from Lidus.”
“Lidus… Lidus...” Dora murmured. Her white hair cascaded down her beautiful, slender back. “There’s something familiar about that name… Is that the small village that sells us the Solar Ore?”
Hadjar flinched, but then pulled himself together. By the standards of Darnassus… Even the Marnil clan’s estates were ten times larger than the entirety of the Kingdom of Lidus. That’s why, in Dora’s eyes, this country was no more than a backwoods village. He was surprised she even knew it existed.
“What a strange name.” A shadow blanketed Dora for a moment.
They heard a rustle of wings coming from somewhere above them, and Hadjar’s heart skipped a beat. For a moment, he was hit by an aura so powerful that blood flowed from his mouth. The same thing happened to Einen. The elf girl paled slightly, but withstood the pressure without any obvious harm befalling her.
“High Heavens! What was that?”
“One of the monsters of the Storm Mountain,” Dora said, shivering. “My father told me that one needed to be a Spirit Knight at the middle stage to even stay up there for a few days. On top of that, in order to survive and even thrive, you need to have at least a minimal talent.”
Hadjar and Einen looked at each other. They’d suspected that there was some sort of talent measuring system in the Empire, but it wouldn’t... be right to pester their new friend with too many questions.
“Okay, so, Forbidden Techniques,” the elf girl continued. “They are created for a specific bloodline in a specific family.”
“And studying them is life-threatening,” Einen added. “They say that only one in ten people who start to learn a Forbidden Technique are able to do so.”
“That’s right.” Dora confirmed.
Suddenly, she swung her hammer. She moved so quickly that Hadjar didn’t even manage to unsheathe his sword before the elf’s weapon was back in its sheath on her shoulder. A hammer! Isn’t that supposed to be a slow and heavy weapon?
Her powerful attack turned into a green pool of light that crushed the monster rushing at them, turning it into a bloody mess. Hadjar hadn’t even managed to see what the creature had looked like when it had been alive. It had emerged from the darkness faster than the experienced Hadjar had been able to react.
There was no doubt that the elf girl’s power was in a completely different dimension! Her emerald token was very appropriate.
The pile of meat was left behind by the group. Somewhere inside it was the core of a monster at the high King Stage. This meant that the elf had killed a creature equal in power to a strong Heaven Soldier!
Once again, Hadjar was convinced that he’d made the right decision. Here in the Empire, he could actually become much stronger... if he survived.
“You,” Hadjar decided to clarify, “without the permission of your father, the head of House Marnil, one of the most powerful men in Darnassus, broke into your family’s library, stole the Technique that is the foundation of your family’s power, and are now willing to risk your life to study it?”
“Yeah…” Dora’s eyes dimmed slightly. Apparently, this topic was a bit of a sore spot for her. “To forestall your question, Hadjar, I’m doing all of this for the sake of winning the Tournament of Twelve.”
The Tournament of Twelve was an event where the strongest representatives of the twelve ‘pillars’ of the Darnassus Empire came together to do battle. The winners of this Tournament would earn undying glory and truly valuable rewards. It was a rare event. The next one was planned for three years from now... or something like that.
“And, obviously, you won’t tell us why you want to win this Tournament,” Einen finished for the elf girl.
“Because of our oath, I’ve already told you so much that the Marnil clan, if they find out what you know, will start hunting you and everyone you’ve ever spoken to in your life.”
Hadjar couldn’t imagine himself revealing such a huge secret to the first person he met. However, apparently, the young elf was so desperate and determined that she was prepared to do anything.
“But why us?” He asked.
“I already told you, it’s because you have a spatial ring and-”
“You already told us about the ring,” Hadjar interrupted her. “But, honorable senior disciple, we’ve been traveling away from the ravine for the last half hour. That means you followed us from the moment we entered the forest.”
Once, Hadjar’s survival had been dependent on his skill as a tracker and hunter. Even in an unfamiliar forest, he could navigate rather well.
Dora examined both of her temporary allies curiously. They were somehow different from the other ‘village prodigies’ whom she and her family respected immensely, and they appeared to be without any guile. There was nothing special about achieving success when all sorts of resources and ingredients for cultivation had been available to a person since their childhood. These men were different. They reminded Dora of her clan’s military officers, the warriors who had spent their entire lives on the battlefield, whose power was like a blade that had been forged in the misery of battles and tempered in rivers of blood. They were an odd duo…
“When you rode down on the platform, Einen said your Name,” Dora said honestly.
Hadjar shot a reproachful glance at his friend. The islander just shrugged. They couldn’t have known that anyone would be interested in listening to two ordinary disciples.
“And Spirits feel a strange love for those who have a Name,” Hadjar sighed.
“There is no reliable information about how to get one,” the girl said, sounding disappointed this time. “There are simply those who have a Name, and everyone else. At most, ‘The Holy Sky’ School has maybe a hundred people with Names.”
Hadjar didn’t point out that no one was particularly keen to explore this ‘subject’. A Name didn’t bring its owner any obvious advantages, and most people focused on what would help them survive, not stand out from the crowd.
“Now let me tell you about the elves!” Dora tried to smile, but her eyes still showed a hidden sadness. By the High Heavens, something was off about her story. “Einen, do you mind if I tell the story?”
“I would be honored to hear the story of the spirit people from the Princess of those very people,” Einen bowed.
The Princess? Oh, of course, if the Marnil are the only representatives of the elven people in the Empire, then Dora would automatically become a Princess. Some of these Empire customs are rather amusing.
The only other Princess Hadjar knew was his own sister. Although, come to think of it, he was also the Prince... of a ‘village’.
“I saw your Calls,” Dora began her story. “So I dare say that you are both Inheritors of ancient and insanely powerful monsters. Ones who were able to take human form and plant their seed in a human. Well, we elves are very similar and very different from the Inheritors at the same time. We are similar in that we aren’t descended from humans, but we differ in that we don’t need to use a Call to awaken the power of our blood.”
“Wait a minute,” Hadjar didn’t understand what she was getting at, “if you aren’t descended from humans or monsters, then... who?”
Dora looked into his eyes. For a moment, Hadjar thought that she would delve deep into his soul, where the dragon was sleeping, where Traves’ Inheritance was, where the Black Blade lurked… And where the speck of the Black General, the enemy of all that existed, resided.
“From spirits,” Dora said and turned away.
The moment she said it, Hadjar felt like he could hear the wind whisper:
“Run.”
Chapter 443
“In ancient times,” Dora didn’t seem to notice the oppressive atmosphere of the gloomy Forest of Shadows, “back when there were no humans, and the gods freely walked the earth, their only rivals and, paradoxically, allies, were the spirits — concentrations of power and consciousness generated by places and areas which had existed for so long that they looked upon the young gods as infants.”
Hadjar remembered something like this from South Wind’s stories. Alas, he hadn’t listened to them, relying on the neural network to record his Teacher’s stories. One of the first things he would do when the neural network finished updating would be to check what he’d told him.
[Update started!
Approximate time needed...]
“These spirits, who’d seen stars die, be born, and die again, were terribly lonely. For ages, they’d seen no one but their own reflections within eternity. Then some of them attempted to create entities they could talk to, ones with similar knowledge and power.”
Hadjar didn’t like where this story was going... For some reason, he wanted to ask Dora to stop telling him this. His heart was beating fast, as if he’d sensed the possible danger in the information he would hear. Hadjar felt like, if he listened to this story until the end, his fate would take an irreparable turn.
“That’s how we elves came to be.”
“You came from the spirits?”
“One spirit,” Dora corrected. “The spirit of the forest.”
“What forest?”
“An ordinary forest,” the elf girl smiled a little sadly. “The very first forest. We came from the very first forest of this world. It died right after, withering away, and its spirit was scattered in the World River. That’s how it gave life to us, the elves.”
Hadjar pondered this. He felt like this story, which hadn’t surprised Einen at all, touched on something extremely important and mysterious, but, as always, he didn’t understand what that was yet.
“Each of the spirits who created a race left an inheritance for their Inheritors. It is like your Call, but, as I said, it is with us always and everywhere.”
“What’s that like?” Einen asked.
Apparently, his knowledge of elves was also limited. In response, Dora laughed so loudly that the two men drew their weapons, looking around cautiously. They were afraid that the elf’s laughter would attract predators, ones they might not be able to deal with.
“If you asked someone else from House Marnil that question,” Hadjar noticed how distantly Dora pronounced ‘House Marnil’, like she wasn’t talking about her own family. “You would’ve been sent to your forefathers immediately. The Inheritance of the descendants of spirits is one of the strictest secrets of the elves! However, because I lured you into this adventure, an adventure that will be difficult for even me to survive… You took the vows, so I think I can tell you. Or maybe it’ll be easier to just show you.”
Dora closed her eyes. A whirlwind of green energy erupted around her. It was so dense and powerful that it could elicit envy in many Spirit Knights at the initial stage. Then, something resembling a spirit appeared behind Dora! At first, Hadjar had believed that a spirit could only assume the form of an animal. Then, during his battle with Sankesh, he’d learned that it could also be a weapon. Now, seeing the vague, indistinct hieroglyph for ‘forest’ hovering behind Dora, he realized that there was a third option.
“That’s it.” The pale Dora breathed out, and the hieroglyph disappeared. “I can’t hold it for any longer than that. Until you reach the Spirit Knight level, it’s very difficult to summon your spirit.”
“Really?” Hadjar asked, nodding nervously, his eye twitching. “But it’s not impossible, is it? Difficult? Of course it’s difficult! Einen, did you hear that, my friend? It’s difficult for this Heaven Soldier to summon her damned spirit!”
“Envy, my friend, is a bad feeling, and it leads to… Damn! You said it’s actually difficult for her?”
For the first time he could remember, Hadjar saw the islander’s eyes wide open. His purple eyes shone with a natural brilliance.
“Sorry.” Dora wiped away her sweat and, with an effort of will, fished out several restorative pills from her spatial ring. “You’re right, that’s really impossible for most Heaven Soldiers to do. So, you’ve just witnessed some of the special power of the spirit descendants. Since we were created in their image and likeness, we have a special relationship with the World River that allows us to awaken our spirit earlier than human practitioners.”
“By the Great Turtle and the Evening Stars,” Einen almost stammered. “With all due respect, it’s a good thing that there aren’t many of you, or you would’ve taken over the world by now.”
Again, a slightly sad smile appeared on Dora’s beautiful face.
“What about the hieroglyph?” Hadjar asked.
“It means Forest.” The elf said, shaking her hair. “This is a closely guarded secret of the descendants of spirits. You know that awakened spirits are divided into three classes, right?”
Einen and Hadjar shook their heads in unison.
“Of course you don’t. With all due respect, it is unlikely that your villages can produce even one Heaven Soldier who can awaken their spirit and become a Spirit Knight, even just one every century.”
Hadjar didn’t take offense. There really were no such people in Lidus. Nor on the Islands.
“You would’ve been charged at least three hundred Glory points for a lecture like this at the School, but we’ll call it part of my thank you. So, there are three classes of awakened spirits. The first one, the least powerful and most widespread, is a spirit beast. It gives a cultivator only a small increase in energy and power.”
Hadjar could’ve argued that the ‘small increase’ bit was underselling it, but chose not to.
“The second class, which is much rarer and requires a cultivator of incredible talent to utilize, is a class of weapons. It creates a strong bond between a cultivator and a Weapon Spirit. Of course, this awakened spirit strengthens its wielder several times over, and is much better that the first class.”
Hadjar remembered Sankesh and the Halberd Spirit. It really had looked and felt much more powerful than Ragar’s snow wolf spirit.
“And finally, the last and rarest among humans, but the standard for descendants of spirits — the spirit of the elements, or the spirit of the Way. A Way Spirit is often called the fourth class, but in the entire history of the Empire, the number of cultivators who managed to awaken a Way Spirit can be counted on the fingers of two hands.”
“So all descendants of spirits have the power of a whole element from birth?”
“More or less.” Dora said. “In general, our path of cultivation is almost indistinguishable from yours, human. A noticeable difference can only be felt at the Spirit Knight level. At that level, even a weak descendant of spirits always has an advantage over a human. However, as my father always says, everything depends on the cultivator. Therefore, you can never afford to look down on your enemy, because who knows what kind of monster might be lurking beneath the skin of a harmless sheep.”
Such a deep thought was strange to hear coming from a young girl. Of course, she was repeating her father’s words, but it was obvious Dora understood them.
