Chapter One
“Left side, many whelps. Handle it!” Cayden shouted with a combination of frustration and resigned bemusement as he absorbed the impact of another of MEKA Dragon's swiping robotic claws on his upraised shield.  He'd known from the very beginning that nothing good could come from a pickup group with two random players, or pubbies, as they would be known in a traditional MMO. But he'd hoped against hope that maybe, just maybe, he could trust them to follow simple instructions. 
Five minutes into the tenth-floor boss fight, he'd be happy if he could just avoid getting them all killed.
It reminded him of the allegory of the Pubstove:
A hot stove sits in the corner, bearing a brass plate with the brand name “Pubbies” riveted into its frame. Having touched the stove in the past and found it to be hot enough to burn your hand, and having witnessed others touching this stove in the past and also burning their hands, how do you choose to proceed?
Cayden had chosen to slam his face into it.
Not that he'd had too much of a choice. Celia, Shifty and himself had been powering their way through floor after floor in the aftermath of the incident with Immolatus.  Their strong combination of classes had made short work of even level quests and monsters, but as a three-man group, they'd been forced to avoid any content, such as dungeons, that had been designed with a full five-man party in mind. Unfortunately, that content included floor bosses.
He'd accounted for them in his original routing for the game, of course.  A bookmarked website kept track of which floor bosses were alive or dead on any given day and provided an editable tracking sheet so that groups could avoid squabbling over who had 'next' on any given boss.  Ideally, this meant that all Cayden had to do was keep an eye on the list, wait for another group to defeat the boss, then travel through to the next floor before it could respawn.
That was the idea anyway.
The strategy had worked without a hitch for the first nine floors, but a combination of bad timing and bad luck had stymied their efforts on the tenth. A group had been scheduled to fight the boss three days after their arrival, the perfect amount of time for Cayden and company to grind their skills, levels, and quests before progressing to the next floor.  Unfortunately, that group had failed in the attempt. Worse yet, for Cayden anyways, was the complete emptiness of the upcoming schedule. They could wait two weeks for a group to clear the boss, or they could do it themselves.
It wasn't a choice. None of them could stomach the idea of sitting around for two weeks waiting for some other group to maybe get it right. Which meant they needed two more party members. Which meant they needed pubbies.
Which gave them the Banes.
"Oh for... Personal Skill Use: Taunt!" Cayden shouted, following his command with a roar that was as much irritation as battle-cry.  Thankfully, the game couldn't tell the difference, and the skill went off without a hitch, a half dozen cat-sized dragon-whelps giving up their pursuit of Truebane and Darkbane in favor of rushing Cayden.
The two players continued to sprint away at full speed, somehow utterly oblivious to the fact that their pursuers had found a new target.  Cayden did not doubt that the twin brothers had thought that moniker bane made for a cool pseudonym, but he wondered just how many players now thought of it as a curse. They certainly felt like the bane of his existence, at the moment.
"Uh, little help?" He shouted as he shifted a step back and to the side.  It was a vain attempt to get both the whelps and their adult sibling into his forward arc where he could hope to block their attacks; an effort made all the harder by Grasp the World locking him within a small area.
“On it!” Shifty shouted from the other side of the blue and silver dragon.  It was difficult to hear what he said next over the sudden roar of the dragon as the creature lashed out its tail in his direction, but the effect was obvious as two of the whelps fell away from the onrushing pack.  Their feet were pinned to the floor as they thrashed and gave mewling roars of their own.
"...Out of time!" Celia finished.  In the confusion of the battle, he hadn't even heard her start casting, but he wondered why he had ever doubted her help. Two more of the whelps suddenly vanished without fanfare save for a comical pop of air. It was Celia's crowd control spell, an ability that sent non-elite or boss enemies up to thirty seconds into the future.
He'd still have to deal with all six eventually, but fighting them two at a time instead of six at once was a hell of a lot more manageable.
"Skill Use: Shield Bash," Cayden yelled a moment after blocking MEKA's most recent lunge for his throat.  The flat of his shield struck the metallic beast a solid blow just below the red visor that passed for its eyes.  The force of the attack sent the monster stumbling away, its head shaking this way and that as it struggled to throw off the stun effect that Cayden had inflicted.
The momentary reprieve gave Cayden all the time he needed to deal with the remaining two whelps. By themselves, the small winged creatures were only tricky due to the erratic nature of their attack. The first pounced him, managing to find purchase on one shoulder, but the other found only the tip of his sword, piercing its own frame in the wild attempt to strike at him.  It let out a squeal of shock and pain, then went silent as Cayden flicked his blade and finished bisecting the small creature.
The one on his shoulder didn't go so quickly.  The black and white lizard pecked, scratched and bit at Cayden, staying one step away from the young man's grasping hand as it skittered from shoulder to shoulder, then settled in the middle of his back, raking its claws over and over against his breastplate.
Truebane's Holy Smite hits you for 212 Holy. [Dark Resist Impaired]
“Really?!” Cayden cried incredulously.  The whelp on his back had taken similar damage from the Lightcaster's spell, but Cayden couldn't help but think there must have been some way to do it that didn't involve scorching him with divine power.
“S-sorry.” The man replied awkwardly.  Both brothers were nineteen, but neither had the maturity or self-confidence to match their age.
“Just deal with the whelps!” Cayden swung back into action, turning on the Mechanical Dragon and ducking behind his shield just as a ray of blue fire shot from its beak. “We've got this thing!”
In truth, Cayden was beginning to wonder if the brothers had done more harm than good.  They'd contributed significantly to DPS on the boss, but their inability to follow instructions and stop throwing damage over time spells had triggered its second phase before Celia had managed to heal Cayden back to full health. Their inability to just stand in one place had been what had inundated the party with whelps, and considering how deep he was into the yellow half of his HP bar, Cayden wondered if their stupidity would be the death of him yet.
Thankfully, the two brothers proved at least competent at the one thing he'd brought them along for, dealing damage.  Alternating dark and holy spells provided the Banes with a steady source of damage, even if they did sometimes stumble over their words or incantations.  The mixture of a Lightcaster and a Nightbringer made for a powerful combination, which had been part of why Cayden had picked the pair in the first place.  At the time he'd thought they were clever for coming up with a strong build combination.  
Now he was reasonably sure that they'd picked it so they could pick cool names and an all black and white color scheme to match.
Either way, the pair of them made short work of the remaining whelps with a somewhat excessive barrage of spells. That left Cayden, Celia and Shifty able to focus on the real threat, their weapons clanking and shrieking off the chrome surfaces of the bipedal dragon as the beast gave ground before them. MEKA had solid stats, but by now its attacks were becoming predictable. It was actually a neat little Easter Egg, a mechanical enemy with a robotic attack pattern. Claw, claw, bite.  Swipe with the tail, bite, try a breath attack.
They pounded on the dragon, laying strike after strike across its surface until, at last, it roared in final defiance. Cayden and his comrades backed off from the creature, their weapons lowered, but the Banes continued to attack, launching spell after spell at the dragon as it fell back towards the silver and blue walls of the compound.
“It's dead," Cayden said with a roll of his eyes.
“Doesn't look dead.” The twins replied in unison.
"Did you not even...?" Cayden started, then a smirk caught the corner of his lips, a similar smile coming to the the faces of Celia and Shifty as they made the same realization.  The trio began to put distance between themselves and the dragon, slinking back to the edges of the room even as the brothers advanced on the dragon, throwing spell after spell.
“Did we not what?” Asked Darkbane, before a rumble of laughter echoed from the towering dragon.  It's metallic head lowered once again; it's mouth opening with blue fire bubbling inside.  But instead of the beams that it had thrown their way time after time, a small sprite of blue-white flame emerged, floating in slow, erratic patterns just above the dragon's mouth.
Neither brother knew what to make of it. But Cayden did. He stood on the sidelines, grinning and watching as the flame wiggled this way and that. It turned slowly, until it, at last, revealed a face inside the flame, a comical looking visage consisting of a pair of black flames for eyes, and an equally ridiculous black flame smile.
The flame's expression didn't change, but it apparently caught sight of the ones who had defeated the dragon.  It rushed towards them, and the brothers attempted to flee, albeit into one another. Their awkward crash sent them sprawling to the ground as the flame descended upon them, striking the top brother in the pile, Truebane, in the center of his back.
“Gah!" The man cried, though it was more from surprise than pain.  A second more and he was back on his feet, eyes twisting this way and that as he sought out the flame. The flame was gone, but in its place, there were new smiles, Cayden, Celia, and Shifty all grinning ear to ear.
His brother, on the other hand, was not grinning. “Ethan! Your face?”
“What? What about my face?” The panic in Truebane's voice was as palpable as the shock on his brothers.  “What happened!”
“You're all... scaly.”
It was too much.  Cayden burst out laughing, followed soon by Shifty.  Celia, to her credit, lasted the longest, doing her best to put on a mask of sympathy that slipped only as she watched Truebane run fingers along the green scales that had sprouted all across his skin.
“What the hell!” Truebane shouted, whirling on Cayden. “You knew about this?!”
"So would you, if you'd bothered to read the prep work Celia gave you," Cayden said through barely controlled laughter.
“You think this is funny?” This time it was Darkbane venting his anger, the dark-haired young man on the verge of violence.
"A little, yeah," Cayden admitted.  Unperturbed by the vitriol coming from Darkbane, he gestured to the man's reptilian twin. “Check your debuffs.”
There was a short pause as the young man navigated through menus on a pair of antiquated AR glasses.  Then he nodded grimly. "The Dragon's Curse.  It's okay Erick; it is temporary and cosmetic.  A couple of hours and I'll be back to normal."
“Which, again, you'd have known if you had spent five minutes reading.” Celia chimed in irritably. “Or if you'd played any classic games at all.”
“Hey, we skimmed it for the important parts, okay?” Truebane frowned, unnerved by the sudden amount of hiss in his words.
Shifty was not amused. “You skimmed it?  Did you consider skimming the part about avoiding the whelp caves when MEKA knocks down the far wall?”
“Everyone is alive, what do you care?” Darkbane shot back.
“No thanks to y-”
“Shifty...” Cayden said the name softly but firmly.  Outside of shot calling in combat, he didn't like to give orders in their party.  The mutual respect was part of what made their dynamic work so well, but from time to time Cayden had to put his foot down, even if it was awkward to chide a man twice his age. “We made it through, which is what matters. If they want to get themselves killed going forward, that is their business. Let's check the loot and get going.”
The brothers continued to protest, eager to continue the argument.  To his credit, however, Shifty turned away from the pair in disgust, following Cayden to the fallen, sparking corpse of the Mecha Dragon.
“Why hasn't it despawned?” Celia asked.
Cayden shrugged. “Floor bosses all die in different ways.  Some will ash away after a while, others, like this guy just sort of lay here until reset.  Seems like it's just rule of cool from the Developer.”
“Okay.  But... where is the drop then?”  The blonde persisted, creeping up on the destroyed machine just a few steps behind Cayden. 
"Chest cavity." He replied, casting a slightly annoyed glance back over his shoulder.  It made sense for the party healer to spend most of her time behind the tank, but over the last week, it had started to irk him just how often she spent peeking just over his shoulder.  "Now who didn't read up on the details."
"I've got it pinned if it mattered." Celia stuck out her tongue, the undignified act making the sixteen-year-old Chronomagi seem even more her age.
"I am certain," Cayden replied dubiously as he clamored up onto MEKA's fallen frame.  It felt weird to stand on the fallen robot, in large part because this wasn't the first time he'd beaten it.
When he was seven, his mom had brought out an old cardboard box containing a host of dusty electronics.  A Super Nintendo, an original PlayStation, and her favorite, the Sega Master System her mother had bought her as a child.  His mom had insisted he try out some of those old classics, and the time spent rampaging through games like Metroid, Zillion, Kung Fu and, ironically, even Rampage, were among his fondest childhood memories.
One game that had always stuck with him, however, was The Dragon's Trap, an old Sega adventure game that began with a fight against the very dragon upon which he was now standing.
To say the experience was surreal was an understatement.
Cayden didn't understand how anyone could think the Developer was anything other than human. Who else could mimic gamer culture in so many ways? Who else would be crazy enough to use reality warping power to make the tower in the first place? For Cayden, the question was never if he was human, just what on earth he was thinking.
“What on earth are you thinking?”
“Huh?” Cayden jumped, startled out of his musings by Celia's playful tones.
“You're just staring at the thing.  It's creepy.”
"You're creepy." He shot back ineffectually before clamoring over the metal husk of the defeated dragon.
MEKA's chest cavity was easily accessed, the two plates over its heart having loosened during its death throes.  They pulled apart quickly, revealing a mass of wires, circuitry, heat sinks and other technical components. In the center, shielded behind a second protective barrier, he found the crystal, housed within a cowling of orange and grey metal.
"This loot will light our darkest hour," Cayden said, rolling his eyes.  The phrase had appeared on his AR glasses the moment he'd removed the assembly from its housing.  Only once the words were spoken could he pull on either end of the casing, drawing it apart as the crystal began to shine with an incredible light that was dimmed only by the sudden appearance of an item window on his display.
WonderPlate (Rare)
And now... Proceed with your adventurous undertaking.
Defence: 250
Required Level: 20
Required Strength: 24
Durability: 30/30
Bonus Resist Damage 10 (All Except Holy)
Immunity to all Polymorph or Petrification attacks. (Not Again!)
Special:  Impeccable shininess.
Everyone else was similarly looking at their AR displays or in Shifty's Case, their screens ,when Cayden looked up.  Owing to the two pubbies in the group, Cayden had decided to set the loot system for the boss encounter as personal.  This reduced the overall amount of loot the boss would drop, but guaranteed that each party member had a chance to receive at least one piece of loot tailored to their specific build. 
Considering all difficulty the Banes had put them through, it seemed prudent.
Shifty was as hard to read as ever, but whatever she got, Celia was overjoyed.  The petite girl was hopping foot to foot in her light blue linen robe, her hands balled into fists as she shimmied this way and that. Undignified, but considering Cayden had done the same thing on more than one occasion he wasn't about to point fingers. 
“So what's next?” Truebane asked, his lizard tongue struggling with each and every syllable.
“Next?” Cayden asked with an upraised eyebrow. He walked to the edge of MEKA, hopped to the ground and snapped his fingers to gain access to his full menu. A few seconds of silence followed, then the face of each brother tightened as a message appeared on their display.
Cayden has kicked you from the Party.
“Does that sum it up enough for you?” Cayden asked with a sickeningly sweet grin.  “In case you missed it on the rundown you didn't read, the stairs are right there. They lead directly into the middle of Terebeth, the floor capital, so you can't even accuse me of putting you at risk getting to town. Have a good night boys.”
The two men exchanged looks, an unspoken communication passing between them before a different sort of non-verbal message was passed in Cayden's direction. He was only too happy to return it, keeping his hand extended in their direction long after they'd turned their backs on him and headed for the stairs.
It was only once they were finally out of earshot that Celia's soft giggle broke the tension in the room. “What a bunch of...” She started, clearly intending to drop a particularly unpleasant name before she shook her head an thought better of it. “I thought they'd never leave.”
"You're telling me," Cayden remarked dryly. He began to intone a mixture of English and Runic words, canceling the series of buff spells he had placed on his person to diminish his MP to the point that the twins wouldn't have any questions about why the tank had such high MP.  At the same time, he toggled an option in his menu, removing the blocks that he'd put in place, blocks that concealed his Runemagi class levels and abilities.
“Any runes worth having?” Shifty remarked, making his way alongside the pair with a whetstone in one hand and one of his throwing knives in the other.
“Let me check.  Skill Use: Find Rune." Cayden said.  His AR display dimmed, all his usual pinned information and statistics falling away to provide no distraction as he turned and surveyed the room.  Find Rune was the level eight power from Runemagi and perhaps the most useful of the bunch.  It highlighted any and all runes within roughly two hundred and fifty feet of him on his display, even through walls or other obstacles.  It was useful, of course, for expanding his vocabulary, but it had proven equally helpful in finding a couple of totally undiscovered secret rooms during the course of their adventures.
"Nothing." He said, at last, disabling the skill.  He hadn't expected to find much.  The walls of the floor ten dungeons looked like blue painted silicon boards, covered in all manner of gold traced circuitry, but little else.  If there were any runes to be found in the entire complex, they would have been found here. "Can you stop doing that though?"
“Doing what?” Shifty asked.
“Sharpening knives next to me? Sounds like hell and makes me think you're going to stab me.”
"Wouldn't be the first time." The middle-aged thief grinned, the dark leather of his armor creaking around his slightly oversized midsection as he brought himself upright.
“Which we still need to talk about.” Celia joined Shifty with a smug expression of her own. The two had swapped stories during the weeks he'd been gone, and the fact that Cayden and Shifty had first met in combat had been chief among them. He'd lied to her by omission, and she wasn't likely to let him live that down. “Get right up next to his ear with it.”
"I'd rather you not." Cayden groaned.  "Why are you doing that now anyway, we're done for the day. Going straight to town."
“Forearmed is forearmed.” Shifty shrugged.
Cayden cocked an eyebrow.  "I'm almost entirely certain that isn't how the expression goes."
"Potato, potato," Shifty replied without the slightest difference in the pronunciation of the two words.
“I am entirely certain that isn't how that goes.” Cayden frowned, looking to Celia for help. “Celia, could you ple-”
His words came up short at the point of one of the girl's upraised fingers.  Her other hand was just behind her ear, covering it slightly as listened to some audio being broadcast by her glasses.  All three stood in silence as she listened, both Cayden and Shifty watching as blood drained from Celia's face
“What happened?” Shifty was the first to ask as the hand came away from her ear.
"A joint CFC raid went completely wrong.  Don't have all the details, but there was apparently some big infighting afterward." Celia replied with a soft frown.  "Silver died."

Chapter Two
“Wench, bring some drinks for my friends!” Silver bellowed, slamming her fist down onto the tabletop.
Sarah cocked a carefully shaped blue eyebrow at the command.  She was doing her best not to laugh, but there was no mistaking the humor dancing around in bright emerald eyes as she looked from Silver to Cayden and then to Celia.  "I don't think so."
“Wench, bring some juice for my friends?”
“You really think it is the type of drink I was having a problem with?” Sarah asked with a wry smile.
Silver sighed and rolled her eyes. “You're no fun. Sarah, could we please get them some drinks.”
“Milk for the kids.” She said, ignoring Celia and Cayden's shouts of protest. “Rum for Shifty, of course. And for you my elegant lady?”
“Are Green Russians actually a thing?” Silver asked drearily.
"Not a good thing." Sarah laughed before, at last, looking to Cayden and asking the obvious. "She's been here for an hour and still won't tell me. What happened?"
"She died," Cayden replied before Silver could shush him.
“Ughhh.” Silver confirmed, setting her head down on the table, a puddle of onyx hair concealing her from view.
“Oh! Sweetheart.” Sarah cried, bustling around the table to force a hug on the slumped over woman before Silver could realize what was coming. “What happened?”
“I don't want to talk about it.” The young woman mumbled into the tabletop.
“I'm sorry? I didn't catch tha-”
“I don't want to talk about it!” She shouted sitting abruptly upright and nearly throwing Sarah to the ground in the process. Half the bustling tavern was staring at the outburst, Elan, and Humans both rubbernecking to see what all the drama was about. "I don't want to talk about it, and I don't want to think about it. I want a glass filled with wine, which remains filled with wine until I'm ready to go to bed."
"You know I think we have one of those." Came a remark from nearby Symbal, the silver-haired owner of the inn of the Dizzy Sheep.
If Silver's sudden outburst had bothered her, Sarah didn't let it show. That welcoming, perpetual smile remained plastered across her face, and a hand stayed on Silver's shoulder as she asked the next question on her mind. "Okay, okay.  I won't ask. Was just surprised. Not like you to show up out of the blue."
"I invited her," Celia spoke up.
"More like browbeat me into it." Silver muttered.
“More like invited you.” Celia persisted. “You're not going to do yourself any good pouting in your quarters at the guild hall.”
“Yes, because I'll do so much better getting day drunk here for a month while you are out adventuring.” Silver grumbled.
"And hang out with us every evening when we get back." Celia retorted, intentionally ignoring the negative part of her one-time bodyguard's comment.
The Inn of the Dizzy Sheep had become a regular haunt for their little band over the last few weeks.  Good food, warm beds and pleasant company, it was an ideal resting spot, even if the cost to teleport there each evening, and back each morning dug a small pit into their available funds. In Babel, it was hard to put value on a place you could call home.
"Oh, goodie." Silver said dryly.
Shifty looked up from his fiddling with a bit of leatherworking.  "If you didn't want our company you'd have stayed in your room."
“Quiet you.” She retorted quickly. “Don't try and bring logic into this.”
A ripple of laughter rolled around the table before Cayden spoke. “If you don't want to talk about it, that is fine. But what do you mean a month?”
Silver's eyebrows knitted together in confusion for a moment, before at last, the comment fell into place. "Oh, the death timer." She nodded. "Downside of using a Green Dream.  If it activates to save your life, the death penalty is a month instead of seven days.”
“Ouch.” Cayden winced. “Well, small blessing, but I doubt they're going to go anywhere without you.”
Silver snorted at that. “Flattery will get you places mister. Though truth be told, I'm starting to wonder if we're ever going to get anywhere, with or without me.”
“It's that bad?” Celia asked softly.
"Honestly? It's worse." Silver frowned. "Not to piss off your sister by being the grim voice of reason in the room, but we still haven't seen the Demon's third stage. I don't think we're even close."
A somber moment passed over the assembled players as her words, depressing as they were, sunk in.  The progression guilds had been hammering away on Sobol's Demon for nearly half a year, and Silver didn't even think they were close? On the one hand, it bolstered Cayden's confidence that he'd be able to catch up to the leading guilds before the game was over.  On the other hand, was he rushing all this way just to smack headlong into the same unbreakable wall?
“Okay, I need a-” Silver started, only to be pleasantly surprised by the arrival of a glass of rich red wine. “You are too good for this floor Symbal; your talents are wasted here."
"So true. Though perhaps I wouldn't be working so hard if some of my employees..." She fixed Sarah with a stare as she spoke. "Worked rather than gossiped."
"R-right. Rum, milk and some food. I'll be back right away." Sarah stammered, bustling off in a hurry, as much as to escape that withering stare as to fill the order.
Silver smiled at Symbal, then waited for the older woman to leave earshot before turning her attention to the three low-level players. “Speaking of progress.  How goes that grand quest of yours?”
Cayden sighed. He knew Silver would ask the question, how could she not? It had just come earlier than he would have liked. A glance at the upper left-hand corner of his display told him everything he needed to know, two pinned reminders of quests still unfinished sitting there, taunting him.
Special Quest
Learning to Run
Requirements: Locate the Entrance to the Throne of Tabbris.
Reward: 35,000 XP.
Grand Quest
Find her.
Requirements: Locate and free The White Knight
Reward: ???
"Speaking of lack of progress, you mean." Cayden shrugged, his voice low. He doubted anyone outside of the ring of their table could hear a word they were saying over the clattering din of the inn, but he still didn't like discussing the quest in public. "I'm looking for a location, but I can't find a single reference to it online, or in any library, I've visited."
Cayden left out the fact that he was banned from the one library he thought would be most likely to contain the information that he needed.
“You know, the CFC offer to help does still stand.” Silver hinted.
"And if I completely run out of ideas, you will be the first ones I come to," Cayden replied as diplomatically as he was able.
Luxuria, on behalf of her guild Thermonuclear Box and the broader 'guild of guilds' known as the Coalition for Completion, had been making the same sort of offer through a variety of intermediaries on a near-daily basis.  He couldn't blame either of them, particularly in light of Silver's new bluntness, but it was an offer he was getting tired of refusing.  It felt too much like cheating, and even if it hadn't, their help would put him in the cross-hairs of their competitors, somewhere he desperately did not want to be.    
"Suit yourself.  Just try not to get yourself, or Celia, killed in the process." Silver shrugged, turning her full attention to the long-stemmed wineglass that Symbal had so graciously provided.
“What about me?” Shifty chimed in from across the table.
“Hmm? What about you?” Silver replied to a gale of laughter.
The mage played non-nonchalant on the issue of his grand quest, but he was reasonably sure that Silver was chomping just as heavily on the bit, if not more-so, than her guild leader.  Silver had dedicated over two years of her life to this game, time spent almost entirely on the bleeding edge of progress, only to get stuck at the halfway mark. That alone would be maddening. But to have to watch Cayden bumble around with a grand quest that might give her the edge she needed to progress, fearing that he might screw it up and fail or get himself killed?
If their roles were reversed, he probably would have strangled her by now.
Shifty and Silver continued to throw shade and ice-cold burns at one another as Cayden's attention drifted from the inn to his display.  There were a few new messages demanding his attention, a letter from Sarah sent earlier in the day, a text message from his father reminding him of his mother's upcoming birthday and the usual handful of messages from fans asking if and when he was going to start streaming again.
The last one made him wince.  His last live stream had been over a month earlier, back when Immolatus had first put a bounty on his head, and since then he'd done almost nothing regarding content for his channel. First the bounty, then Runemagi, there were just too many things he had to keep close to the chest to be able to stream.  Idiots like the Banes might have missed the obvious if they even bothered to look at his class levels, but among an audience of thousands most of them were going to notice that he was level twenty, but only had ten listed class levels.
Which reminded him.
Cayden closed out of his message menu and entered his character information screen. He was immediately assaulted by the cheery victory music and glittering light show that accompanied the shining red Level Up button displayed prominently on the left side of his screen. Killing MEKA had put him just over the top, but in the bustle of Celia's overly dramatic pronouncement, it had slipped his mind to go and level up.
As usual, he was presented with an enormous list of possible classes, and, as normal, Cayden already knew what he was going to select.  He'd topped off on Runemagi three levels ago and then switched right back to his original Guardian progression.  Runemagi had changed his long-term goals for how he planned to build his character, primarily by forcing him to take levels in classes that had good Energy/MP ratios, but in the short-term his focus was still on improving his primary role as a tank.
You have reached Guardian Level 10
+40 HP
+20 TP
New Skill Learned!
Cover
Type: Active Combat Skill
Skill Level: Novice Level 1
Effect: Increase movement speed towards targeted ally by 300%.  While in effect, attacks that would normally be made against targeted ally are made against you instead. All attacks intercepted in this fashion have their damage reduced by 25%.
Duration: 10 Seconds
Cooldown: 1 Minute.
Cost: 200 TP.
Cayden laughed slightly at the skill, drawing a curious look from the companions at his table before he gestured to his glasses by way of explanation.  Cover was most well known as a 'someone screwed up' ability, so of course, he unlocked it after he was finished dealing with the brothers and their constant mistakes.
Despite its reputation, Cayden viewed Cover as more of a sustainability tool than one of desperation.  With a good party, he could juggle monster aggro to allow him to use Cover whenever the ability was off cooldown, treating it as a combination of a movement ability, a taunt, and a damage reduction skill.
Cover could be even better if he invested his new point of mastery into it, but that would have to come later.
Still mainly ignoring the banter of his friends, Cayden distributed his stat points in the usual manner for a level in Guardian and took a brief glance at his character sheet.
Name: Cayden
Gender: Male
Bloodline:  Agares-Tabbris
Class: Guardian 10, Runemagi 10
Experience: 190,697    Next Level: 211,000
Strength: 21
Dexterity: 33
Vitality: 34
Energy: 51
Stat Points Remaining: 0
Mastery Points Remaining: 1
Max HP: 2260    HP Recovery: 6.8/Second
Max MP: 3410     MP Recovery: 10.2/Second
Max TP: 1620   TP Recovery: 8.8/Second 
Not half bad, all things considered.
From there he navigated to his skill menu. His list of abilities was becoming expansive, but for the moment he focused his attention on the skills that might make good candidates for mastery.  Grasp the World was out, for obvious reasons. Runic Overload was too situational and costly to use often, while its sister skill Runic Empowerment wasn't strong enough to deserve it.  Taunt, Shield Bash, Southern Cross, all had their merits, but his attention was primarily focused on his newest skills.
Revenge
Type: Passive/Active Combat Skill
Skill Level: Novice Level 3
Passive Effect: When skill is not on cool down increase damage dealt by 5% of all damage received within previous ten seconds.
Effect: Strike foe for Mainhand weapon damage plus 53% of all damage received during previous five seconds.
Cooldown: 45 Seconds.
Cost: 250 TP.
Find Rune
Type: Active Skill
Skill Level: Novice Level 4
Effect: Highlights any unknown runes within 265 feet.
Cost: 1000 MP.
Ritual Casting
Type: Active Skill
Skill Level: Novice
Effect: The user is capable of crafting more complex and time-consuming ritual spells.
Duration: Variable.
Cooldown: Variable.
Cost:  Variable.
All three made for very tempting options when it came to his mastery point. Revenge would upgrade into Justice, healing him a large amount of the bonus damage dealt on hit, which could add a lot to his tanking in tough fights.  He'd heard of at least two prominent Guardian players who swore by the skill, and it was on his mastery list one way or the other.
The other two were more problematic. The skill menu didn't show Cayden what a skill would upgrade into if he invested his mastery points, it only told him if the skill was available to be upgraded.  For skills like revenge, this wasn't a problem they were well known and easy to research.  The other two, however?
Cayden hadn't had much time to play around with Ritual Casting in the weeks since he'd unlocked the ability, but from what he could see it appeared to be identical to the ability that most focused caster types got around level 20.  As far as direct one on one combat, it was next to worthless. There were high-level battlefield magics but unfortunately, almost all such magics required multiple participants, and as of yet Cayden had been unable to find enough willing casters to learn if arcane or divine spellcasting could contribute to his ritual spells or vice versa.
Out of combat, there was a host of possible uses for ritual spells that he could cast all by himself. From alarm magic intended to wake them if someone approached their camp, to divination magic to spy on a distant location, or to ward against specific dangers they might expect, such as petrification.  Ritual casting could prove an invaluable resource in the future.  Even more so if he mastered it to allow for even more complex rituals. Useful in the future, but he needed a larger vocabulary and some testing to make the most of it.
Which brought him to the final option, Find Rune. So far the skill had proven to be nothing short of outstanding. The ability to know the location of nearby runes had vastly improved the number of words in his Lexicon, which in turn increased the usefulness of the ability overall. He still had quite a distance to go to the next cut-off point at two thousand words, but the boost in strength he'd obtain when he got there would be nothing short of incredible.
The problem was that he didn't know what would happen if he upgraded Find Rune. Babel included a decent number of other Find type skills, but the difference between mastering them was often significant and didn't translate well to Find Rune. Upgrading the ability could do anything from increasing his range to making it an 'always on' passive, to translating unknown runes directly.  He just couldn't tell, and that uncertainty was the only thing that gave him pause.  
Cayden liked to think of himself as a gambler, a risk-taker. But part of that identity was tied up in the knowledge that he always had an idea of the odds before he did whatever stupid thing that came to mind, even if the odds were poor. With Find Runes he had no idea.
He might end up kicking himself in the backside later, but with two taps of his finger on empty air, Cayden confirmed the choice for his new mastery.
Justice
Type: Passive/Active Combat Skill
Skill Level: Mastered (Novice Capped)
Passive Effect: When skill is not on cool down increase damage dealt by 5% of all damage received within previous ten seconds.
Effect: Strike foe for Mainhand weapon damage plus 60% of all damage received during previous five seconds. User heals for 60% of all damage received during previous five seconds.
Cooldown: 60 Seconds.
Cost: 300 TP.
“What if you get it Cayden?”
The use of his name startled Cayden out of his electronic trance, dragging him back to reality where the table of his friends were all staring at him intently.  He returned their gazes, nudging his glasses just far enough down the bridge of his nose that he could see them all without the swarm of menus obscuring their faces. “I, uh-”
“-have no idea what you were asked." Shifty finished helpfully with an entirely too smug grin.
"Don't worry, she should know better than to ask anyway." Silver said sternly over the lip of her wineglass.
"I don't see the problem. We're all here for the same thing, aren't we?" Celia asked.
“I'm here because it pays better than roofing.” Shifty retorted dryly.
“The fact that you don't see a problem doesn't mean it isn't a custom.” Silver continued. “It's no different from the way we ditch our arms and armor when we get back to town. You just don't ask.”
"Okay, I am officially confused," Cayden said in the hesitation between Celia shooting back at Silver.
“She wants to know what you'd wish for if you got the chance.” Shifty chimed in while the two women spoke over one another in an attempt to express the same idea.
Cayden nodded, a slight hint of surprise crossing his features. It was a well respected, if unwritten, rule among most progression players not to ask what their competitors might wish for if given a chance. He wasn't sure where or how it had started, though there were a number of theories ranging from an attempt to cut down on inter-player violence to a superstition based on a number of early player deaths.
Whatever the reason, Cayden honestly hadn't ever given the rule much thought. It was arrogant of him, but who cared what other players planned to wish for if he intended to be the first one there? “It's okay. Though to be honest, you'd be disappointed with my answer.”
“Oh?” Celia perked up. “What is it?”
“Just drop it.” Silver warned, her tone growing more unpleasant by the moment.
Cayden hesitated, but a part of him balked at being ordered around. "That's just it. I don't know."
Celia raised an eyebrow at that, apparently surprised, but it was Silver that spoke, her voice icy. "You don't know?"
Cayden shrugged. “Not really. I never gave it much thought. Figured I'd just decide in the moment.”
“Oh my god Cayden, that is hila-”
"-Are you serious!?" Silver cut into Celia's words; her wine set down as the dark-haired woman leaned angrily over the table. "You're going to decide in the moment? Honestly, Cayden, is there anything you don't half-ass?”
“Silver!” Celia snapped sharply. “Cayden didn't mean-"
"-Oh you didn't mean that to be insulting?"The older woman shot back at both of them; her eyes narrowed as she talked over Celia's more uncertain voice. "Well, mission failed."
All three of the table's other occupants exchanged looks with one another in the silence that had followed Silver's outburst. For her part, the mage drowned whatever further words she had roiling on the tip of her tongue beneath another swallow from the apparently bottomless wineglass.
"Silver." Cayden was more shocked than angry; the emotion reflected as much by his lack of words as his tone.
Somehow, that discomfort dug even deeper into whatever wound he had poked on Silver, the woman snapping back before she could help herself. “This really is just a game to you, isn't it Cayden?”
Cayden opened his mouth to state the obvious, that it was a game, but closed it just as quickly as Silver bit into him again. 
“Do you have any idea how many friends...” She started, losing her train of thought almost immediately as she pounded her right arm down on the table with a heavy thud. “Do you have any idea what the cost of your little adventure is? Do you even care?!”
“That is enough.” Celia tried to interject.
Silver certainly didn't think it was, but Celia provided a new target for her wrath all the same. “Is it? Maybe if Lux bothered to talk to you at all you'd have some inkling of an idea.  You do know why they call me Silver, don't you?”
"Okay, maybe bottomless wine is not in your best interest tonight," Symbal interjected sternly, summoned by the sudden vitriol being spewed at what was usually a quiet table. The snow-haired tavern owner snatched the offending wineglass from Silver. Seeing her libations in danger, Silver abandoned the argument in favor of one with Symbal, then stopped short as something about the older woman gave her pause.
“I don't want to have to cut you off, but you're acting...” Symbal trailed off as she realized that it wasn't just Silver staring at her. Every person sitting at the table was eyeing her with a mix of concern and wonder. “What?  Do I have something on my fa-”
The last word was left unspoken, as Symbal, and nearly half the tavern's other occupants shimmered, then burst into motes of bright, multi-colored light.
Chapter Three
The immediate aftermath of the light show was chaos. 
Players leaped from their tables, swiping at screens or invisible displays to arm themselves against whatever threat had struck the occupants of the Dizzy Sheep. The Elan occupants almost universally bolted, or in some cases stumbled, for the doors, wisely deciding they didn't want to be a part of whatever came next. The tension was everywhere in the room as individual pockets of players faced off with one another, scanning the room with a range of detection abilities, with their weapons at the ready for a follow-up attack.
Eventually, it became clear that there would be no second wave.  Whatever had happened, had happened.  Fear gave way to confusion and uncertainty as players once again took to their digital devices in search of answers.
"She's alive!" Sarah shouted with relief.  "She's still on my friend's list so she... wait. Why is she on the first floor?"
Sarah tapped away at the mirror display in her hand, the tower's equivalent of a modern smartphone, albeit far more advanced than anything humanity had been able to develop on their own. Cayden could see her furiously writing her way through a message, then stabbing at the send button over and over in frustration as the device failed to respond.
“I can't message her. Do you think?” Sarah frowned, leaving the last of it unsaid.
“No.” Silver replied. “I've been trying to message Lux to get someone down here, but it keeps kicking back my messages.  It isn't just her.”
Cayden understood the concern in Silver's voice, and why she'd be asking for help so quickly.  Safe-zones, such as the one encompassing the entirety of Islo were intended to be more or less immutable.  You couldn't attack someone in a safe-zone without a duel request, nor could you steal from another player, or do any of a few dozen other negative things, including forcible teleportation. Players that did so suffered anything from Terms and Conditions violations, to straight up being attacked and killed by the Emperor's Guard if they resisted.  Safe-zones were safe. 
At least, they should be.
"It is off floor messaging." Cayden chimed in moments before a playfully pleasant tone sounded from Sarah's device as his message arrived.  Under other circumstances, the fact that she used that as his ringtone might raise some eyebrows, but high-school level gossip was not particularly high on anyone's list of priorities. "Messaging on floor works, but you can't contact anyone on another floor." He frowned, pushing a few more keys before he added. "Or outside of the tower."
“So we're cut off?” Shifty asked with immediate concern.
“Looks that way.” Cayden frowned. “Maybe people can leave the floor, either through the teleport crystal or just physically walking?”
"How about we worry about that once we figure out what the hell just happened," Celia said.
“Easy for you to say, some of us have lives outside of this damn-”
“-Shifty. It will be fine, okay.” Cayden said, reaching out to put a hand on the other man's shoulder. “It's probably temporary and even if it isn't, your kids will fine until it gets sorted out.”
The reassuring words did little to ease the stress evident on the older man's face. Cayden had yet to meet Shifty's children, but from what he'd seen of them the two precocious youngsters were as mischievous as their father. They lived outside of the game with their grandmother, half a world away in Italy, but it was impossible to miss how close they were to their father's heart.  Shifty wasn't like Celia or Silver.  He'd taken a job with Vitalita to pay his bills, and he'd stuck with Cayden for a similar reason, selling the trade goods and crafting components he came across to support his children back home. To be cut off from them entirely was a nightmare.
“So what do we think happened?” Silver asked. Whatever argument they'd been in the midst of was forgotten. The once bleary-eyed girl was sober and attentive.
Silence reigned in response to her question as their little group wracked their brains over the issue. Around them a handful of other players appeared to be pondering similar questions, whispering back and forth with one another. When the very rules of Babel seemed to have been broken, knowing who you could trust was at a sudden premium.
“What level was Symbal?” Cayden asked, the small number of players in the once bustling tavern having sparked an epiphany of sorts.
“Uh...” Sarah replied, thinking on it for a moment. “Two.  Maybe three, I think?”
Cayden nodded. It made sense with his theory, but he'd need more than a single anecdote to be sure.  He hefted his shield arm, then bashed the rounded bottom edge of it against the table as hard as he could, striking it three times until he had the attention of everyone in the room. “Show of hands. Who here is lower than level twenty?”
A few hands raised in response to his question, though many of them faltered as their owners realized that their companions were staring warily at Cayden.  It was a foolish way to phrase the question, he realized. People here were paranoid enough without him giving them a reason to think he'd been sizing them up.
“Fine.” He shouted. “Did anyone higher than level twenty disappear?”
This time the response was a little better. The various players looked at one another to be sure, exchanged muted words, then eventually a few groups gave some indication in the positive.
“Level fifteen to twenty?” He asked again, this time the answer came back negative. “Level Ten to fifteen?” Again, nothing. “Level Five to ten?”
There it was. Hands started to rise throughoutall of the varied groups of players.  He had to ask a few more questions, but within half a minute they all knew at least one vital aspect of what had happened. Players lower than tenth-level or higher than twentieth had all been teleported off the floor. Players six or higher had ended up on the third floor; anyone lower had ended up on the first.
"A floor event?" Cayden asked, at last, his voice lowered to keep this particular musing to himself and his cohorts.
“Looks that way.” Silver frowned.
"Okay, pretend I don't know what you're talking about," Shifty said, clearly annoyed. "Because I don't know what you're talking about."
“A floor event is,” Cayden shrugged, “kinda what it sounds like.” As Shifty's face tightened into an angry grimace, he quickly expanded his answer, "There have been two so far, Floor thirty-three and Floor forty-two.  Players activate a trigger that begins the event. Once they do, the floor is locked down, and the players have to complete whatever challenge they are faced with in order to reconnect with the outside world."
"So we're trapped here," Shifty said. "For how long?"
This time it was Silver's turn to break the bad news. “No way to tell until we get more information.  The thirty-three event lasted a little over a day and a half. The forty-two...”
“How long?”
Cayden winced. “A little over a month and a half.”
Shifty swore under his breath.
“Shouldn't we have gotten some system notification then?” Celia asked.
Silver shook her head. “Events aren't like that. They're a little more... theatrical.”
As if on cue, the sound of a bell ringing echoed into the Inn of the Dizzy sheep from the street outside. A voice accompanied every few chimes of the bell, a man shouting in his most authoritative tones. "The mighty Duke Elazio de Medeces, Ruler of Islo and beloved of the Great Emperor, commands the immediate presence of all bloodline descendants at the Ducal palace within the hour.”
The bell chimed again, the same voice shouting the words louder than before as he drew closer.  Booted footsteps of the town guard accompanied him, and, in the distance, the players could just barely hear the bells and voices of similar criers going about their business throughout the city.
Several of the other small pockets of players seemed to have come to the same realization as Cayden and company, if only judging by the paleness of their faces.  A floor event was nothing to scoff at. Fatalities for the floor forty-two event had been exceptionally high, and in this case, it was hard to know just what to expect. There had never been a floor event on a floor anywhere near this low. Let alone one that required the removal of all low-level players from the floor.
"Might as well get going," Cayden called out, at last, sounding more confident than he felt. "The sooner we get this event dealt with the better. Right?"
A small murmur of agreement rippled through the assembled players, accompanied by a few sharp glares from players who didn't like the suggestion that they were following someone else's lead. It didn't matter to Cayden because he meant what he said. If this were anything like previous events, it wouldn't start in earnest until a critical mass of players had assembled as requested.
Slowly but surely, the various throngs of players began to shuffle towards the inn doors. Many of them took one final swig of ale or shot of hard liquor as they left their tables. Cayden couldn't blame them, if anything, this was going to be a hell of a night to try and deal with sober.
***
The Ducal Palace was among the most opulent structures in all of Islo, second only to the Temple of the Great Emperor. It was a place Cayden had, until recently, only seen from afar.  There were a large number of quests that took players there, of course, but his routing and the somewhat unique circumstances of his early days in Babel had conspired never to give him a reason to visit.
In some ways he was glad. He could see relative boredom on the faces of many of his fellow players as they made their way down carpeted hallways adorned with marble busts, framed portraits and all manner of esoteric trinkets the Duke's ancestors had collected over the years. Some of them had probably walked this hallway half a dozen times or more delivering fetch quests to and fro, so it was little wonder they had lost all sense of awe. Cayden at least, got to enjoy a certain feeling of gravitas as he joined over half a hundred of his fellow players on their walk to the Duke's audience chamber.
The room itself was massive, easily able to accommodate them despite their numbers.  Tables and chairs had been set out, but many players chose to stand or to linger along the edges of the room.  Nearly everyone had retained their armor, though many, like Cayden, had stowed their weapons for the time being.
With their equipment on display, it was easy for Cayden to narrow down some facts about the players around him. The type of armor by itself was enough to narrow down the class options for a given player, and even its overall quality could suggest a lot.
Not for the first time, Cayden was thankful that Silver didn't keep to the sort of ostentatious displays of power that some high-level players enjoyed. There were no foot long shoulder pads on her armor or spinning orbs of arcane might that would tell people just how powerful she was. Instead, she wore the same armor she had when he'd first met her, a full body black suit of leather and more unique fabrics covered her from neck to toe, it's outline trimmed in the same red as the heavy red cloak that typically concealed everything beneath.
The Duke's empty throne awaited his arrival upon the upraised dais at the front of the room.  His eminence had left them waiting for the better part of a half hour, more than enough time for Cayden to get a good read on a sizable amount of his fellow players.
Upon their arrival at the palace, the players had divided into roughly four separate types. First were the solo or group players like Cayden and his fellows. Players who might have a couple of friends or at best a full party.  Second were the guildies, roughly twenty in total over two distinct guilds; they had arrived in two clumps of players that had been hard to miss. Then there were the corporate players, farmers, caravan guards and the like; they were a ragtag bunch equipped in anything from best in slot gear for their level to barely above beginner equipment depending on their role.
And finally, and most worrisome, there were the Toy Soldiers. 
It had taken most world governments less than a few weeks to realize the immediate national security implications posed by Babel. Some of those concerns were rather blatant, a person with the ability to wish for whatever they wanted could wish for world domination as readily as he could wish for world peace, but even the subtle ones were of grave concern. A nation that had to rely on a third party for Albieth steel could find themselves with a critical shortage of metal for new airframes, or tank armor. Relying on Vitalita for medical components could backfire in the event of an armed conflict and so on.
The result was the Toy Soldiers, a somewhat derogatory term coined as a catch-all for state-sponsored players. For some, like the soldiers on the far end of the room, it was accurate, young men and women hired as soldiers but tasked with fighting a very different sort of battle. But there were also diplomatic corps, roguish special forces, and non-combatants that still fell under the same term. If a government sent you to Babel, you were a Toy Soldier.
Technically there were two separate groups, a party of five Americans and a much larger group of Israelis, but it was only the second that worried him. The Israeli contingent numbered nearly a full third of all players in the audience chamber, and unlike some of the more lax behavior he had seen among their ilk, these particular soldiers still held their full military discipline. They stood at ease in five ranks, their commander walking up and down the lines of them, stopping here and there to speak to a soldier before carrying on.
Cayden didn't know what to make of her. She was pushing thirty, and if she had ever been a pretty woman that time had long since passed. Her black hair was shaven down to little more than a stubble that peeked out from beneath the beret she wore. Her face was studded with acne, her skin an angry red despite her calm demeanor. What struck him most was the air about her, a confident presence and sense of authority that was hard to quantify as her squat, dominant form traced its way back and forth through the line of her troops, chainmail clanking with each step.
If this was like the other two Floor Events, everyone in this room was going to have to work together. That was going to be fun, in the Dwarf Fortress sense of the word, anyways.
Cayden's thoughts were interrupted as a loud proclamation broke through the dim hum of conversation. “Ladies and Gentlemen. His Royal Eminence, Elazio de Medeces.”
All eyes turned forward with the announcement, just as the Duke's bodyguards came into view.  They were imposing figures, men of muscle and sinew clad in gleaming mail who walked with military precision, flanking the four corners of their ward. The man they guarded, or rather, the boy, was rather less intimidating. 
It was hard to be intimidating when you were twelve.
A titter of laughter ran through the room, including a not-quite suppressed giggle from Celia.  Even Cayden, who knew what to expect, had a hard time not cracking a smile at the sight of the dark-haired, grey-skinned tween surrounded by his enormous bodyguards. It just looked silly, a child trying his best to look regal and important while not yet topping five feet.
If the crowd's reaction bothered the young duke, the boy didn't let it show. Elazio had a stern poker face as he crossed the room, ascended the dais and settled down onto his throne, his guards taking up positions at the foot of the stairs and on either side of him. The previous buzz of conversation was muted as the young aristocrat surveyed the assembled players with that same stern expression, waiting until nearly every word had died off on their lips before starting with his own.
"We thank you all for responding so quickly and promptly to our summons, particularly considering the late hour." The child began with the best impression of a regal tone his high-pitched voice could manage. "Reports have trickled in suggesting that most of you already realize that something is amiss, so in the interest of time, we will be dispensing with the normal protocol and formality of such an event, and instead getting to the heart of the matter immediately."
“Six hours ago, the court's high seer, Agamarang, suffered a powerful vision that left him blind and on the verge of death. Before his passing, he was able to relate enough of the visions cryptic details to warn us of what was to come." The Duke's expression grew as stern as the boy could manage, his eyes narrowed as he glared at the assembled players. "One among your kind has disturbed the Wardens of the Liar King."
The name sent a ripple throughout the crowd, but it was mainly one of confusion. Few players recognized the name, among Cayden's band only Silver and himself showed any immediate recognition. That wasn't a surprise; Babel had backstory every bit as expansive as the lore and history of reality, so only someone who had played for ages, or someone who was an obsessive nerd would know much about the relatively obscure name.
For those who did know, however, it was troubling. The Liar King was one of the seven kings who had defied the Great Emperor in his ascension to power over all of Babel. The stories claimed that he was a massive trickster, a manipulator without equal who spun plots within plots. He was far weaker than the Great Emperor in personal, magical and military might, but among the most dangerous of all of his foes solely because of his intellect. The armies of the Emperor marched on his castle, only to find it empty and their fields and dominions plundered in their absence or met him in combat just to see the battlefield arrayed with magical traps.  Whatever the situation, the Liar King somehow twisted it to his advantage.
Legends told that the Great Emperor slew the Liar King on no less than a dozen occasions.  Twice he was left for dead on the field of battle. Once he was thrown from a cliff-face, while his supposed final death was a brutal public execution. After the last, the Great Emperor had the body split and dismembered, its pieces taken throughout the tower and concealed in tombs and prisons beneath the earth so that any attempt to revive the Liar King would prove an impossible task.
It had failed, of course. The same legends said that the Liar King had reappeared a century later, albeit less than he once was, content to work from the shadows instead of opposing the Great Emperor directly.
At the time he'd read it, Cayden thought the whole thing sounded like a cool premise for a quest chain. Now, he was slightly more dubious.
“We do not know what was done to disturb them, whether something was taken or some sacrilege was laid. What we do know, is that even as we speak, the Wardens stir.” The royal continued. “If any of you know the ones responsible, this is perhaps our only chance to easily rectify the mistake.”
The words hung in the still air of the audience chamber, with the soft shuffling of feet and whispers of conversation as their only reply.  The young man let them linger there longer than necessary as if somehow hoping that those responsible would be pressured into honesty by the delay before at last, he spoke. "Pity.  Our cousin is holding a similar meeting in Sunè, so with luck, the responsible party will be located there, but we suspect not. Accordingly, we shall begin preparations sooner, rather than later."
The assembled players exchanged looks with one another, but the Duke pressed on. "In his... wisdom, the Great Emperor crafted an army to serve as the eternal guardians of the Liar King.  These Wardens were to keep him forever imprisoned, but I fear that they now do us more harm than good."
“None of the scouts or envoys we have sent to investigate the tomb have returned.” The Duke said, a frown showing on his face for the first time. “The Great Emperor charged our family with assisting the Wardens during times of trouble, but between our losses and Agamarang's vision, we fear that they are not what they once were. That they do not recognize friend from foe.”
"You ever get the feeling that the Great Emperor isn't exactly good at long-term planning?" Sarah quipped.
“We suspect you are all aware that the floor had been locked. This was a precaution against a resurgence of the Liar King. It was intended to keep him trapped here so that his Wardens could deal with him should he escape. The floor will remain locked until we can return the Wardens to their rest. Which is why we've summoned you all here.”
A number of replies, some far from polite swelled out of the crowd. They threatened to shout down whatever the young man had to say before his guards began to pound the stone floor with the butts of their pole-arms, demanding silence and attention as only armed men could do.
“The danger posed by the Wardens is immense and will grow as they awaken fully. By ourselves, I believe the Elan will fall. By yourselves, the Bloodlines, the Humans, will fall.” The boy stood, his eyes scanning the crowd. “Only together will we have the capability to endure and find a solution for what is to come.”
Chapter Four
In a real video game, the speech would have been part of a cut-scene, accompanied by a swell of intense music as the crowd built itself into a frenzy of cheers and a grand alliance was forged.  In reality, the line was met with distrust and unease.
Would it be dangerous? What did the Duke want them to do, enlist? Such questions passed from person to person as the Duke stood awkwardly at the front of the room.  He'd obviously expected a different reaction, and for just a brief moment it looked like the young man might cry, before he tightened his expression, firmed his resolve and continued to speak. "Who among you is the strongest!"
There was a little back and forth among various groups, no doubt trying to guess if they were the top dogs in the room, and who among them was the best of the best. Cayden didn't have any such problem; he knew his party contained the strongest.
“Right here.” He shouted, gesturing to Silver with the index fingers of both hands.
The Duke studied her for a moment; young eyes narrowed as he shook his head. "No, not her.  She has much potential power, but her power is restricted at the moment. Next to her."
“Hmm?” Sarah said softly as Cayden turned his fingers to point at her. “Oh no, nuh uh.”
“My eyes are not wrong on this.” The Duke replied.  He was still studying her, and this time there was no mistaking the soft, incredibly thin line that glowed around the grey skin at the edges of his eyes.
“Your eyes are not wrong, but I want no part of this M'lord. I'm retired.” Sarah replied.
“Did you just call him M'lord?” Celia asked quietly.
"N-no," Sarah replied.
“You totally did, didn't she Shifty?” They rogue nodded to the question, grinning ear from ear.  The grin only grew as Sarah attempted to surreptitiously swat at the laughing blonde.
“You don't even know what I would ask of y-”
“I'm just a waitress, m... sir.” Sarah pre-emptively countered in her most measured tone. “There are better selections. I promise you.”
“You then.” The Duke said, gesturing this time to Celia.
“Me?” The girl said, surprised.
She wasn't the only one. The look of shock from both Cayden and Shifty set her skin blushing, the girl unable to meet their eyes for several long seconds before she added, softly.  “I've been grinding in the evenings. I didn't want you guys to feel like I was just dead weight.”
Before either man could voice their objection to the absurdity of her worry, or their annoyance at being left in the dark, Elazio cut in once again. “Yes, you. I would offer you th-”
“Sorry. But no.” Celia replied.
“You don't even know what you are being offered.” The Duke replied with some irritation.
“I know. But Cayden is my party leader. If you are offering us something, offer it to him.”
The Duke nodded, but instead of turning his attention to Cayden he instead focused to the far end of the room where a single young man lingered. “You then, sir?”
The man said nothing for a moment, only turning his head once the sudden lack of conversation became notable.  When he realized he was being addressed, he laughed a nervous laugh, snapped his fingers to close out of whatever display had been distracting him and turned to face the Duke. 
He was a handsome man, that much would have been clear to Cayden even if Celia and Sarah weren't all but drooling open-mouthed at the sight of him. He must have been a late arrival, because Cayden didn't recognize him from his earlier look around, and he would have been hard to miss. For one thing, he was tall, standing two or three inches over Cayden, though he was equally wide in the shoulders. His body appeared to be built out of nothing but the muscle in a way that would have looked normal in an MMO but was rather out of sorts for the typical player in Babel.
He dressed to compliment his chiseled good looks, the top button of his tunic open to reveal a bit of the broad chest beneath, while his long dark hair was pulled back from his face in a loose pony-tail save for wherever a few stray strands fell to tickle his jaw line. He was among the rooms only unarmed occupants, someone who was apparently not entirely rattled by the imminent danger.
“I'm afraid I'm going to have to pass as well.” The man replied in a firm voice that would have suited a man a decade older than his eighteen, or perhaps nineteen years. “Solo player, probably better to give your investment to someone with some allies.” He nodded toward Celia who almost swooned at the attention. “Girl seems to have the right idea.”
The Duke was visibly furious, perhaps one step away from a full-on childish tantrum.  Of course, a tantrum was probably more appropriate for a child his age than many of the things he'd already said and done. "And you, Cayden, was it?"
“It is.” He replied.
"I offer you the temporary rank of Field Marshall," Elazio said with as much gravitas as he could muster, given the situation. “To be charged with the Defence and rebuilding of Bastion, with five hundred Elan soldiers under your command.”
Cayden's eyes widened at the offer.  He'd never considered himself even a particularly useful armchair general, let alone someone who would be expected to lead soldiers into battle. Yet before he could even begin to formulate a reply, a rough voice lashed out from across the chamber.  "You entrust him with five hundred men?! Are you mad? He is a child!"
It was the woman from before; he knew even before he looked. The leader of the Toy Soldiers.  Considering the context, he couldn't exactly blame her for her anger, even if his own swelled at her words.
"A child who is stronger than you, apparently." The Duke shot back with cold rebuke. It wasn't hard to see precisely what part of her complaint the child-ruler had a problem with.
“Higher level, perhaps.” The woman continued unabated, reaching for the hilt of her sword. “I'll be happy to lay him low if that will change your mind.”
The threat, even one directed at a player rather than their liege, was enough to spur Elazio's bodyguards into action. The four men closed ranks around the young sovereign, their weapons at the ready in a way that gave even the trained soldier second thoughts. Ultimately, however, it was the Duke who defused the situation. He waved his hands, urging away his guards with one and directing the woman's hand away from the hilt of her weapon with the other. "We have more than enough dangers to focus on outside these walls.  He is not the only one I would offer such a position to. Someone will need to lead the defense of Islo itself, after all.”
The implicit offer seemed to mollify her, lessening the overall tension long enough for the Duke to continue to distribute his offers and titles. In the end, five players, Cayden included, ended up being given titles.  The distribution fell roughly along the same sort of splits he'd noted when he'd first arrived, with no group or party being assigned more than a single task to manage.
The commander of the Toy Soldiers, Asch, was named Captain of the Islo Watch, expanding the ranks of her twenty-five players to include a number ten times that in Elan guardsmen. The two guilds turned out to be the Lords of the Edge and Goon Squad. Each was given the title of Knight-Captain, a keep with a terribly familiar name, Crossroads and De'Arnise respectively, and a hundred soldiers to manage and defend the countryside. Finally, the corporate guild turned out to be Celes Metals employees, all of whom seemed more than happy to be put in charge of a small defensive outpost between Islo and Sunè and the fifty men that came along with it, even if their leader balked at being a mere lieutenant.
“We have been told that the bloodline families have a common device to communicate with one another at great distances. Is that correct?” The Duke asked in the aftermath of distributing the various titles. After receiving nods or verbal agreement from each of his newly minted officers, he continued. “I expect you to use it. I know you are diverse, and most of you are not soldiers by nature. Many of you would balk at being ordered, but we can ill afford feuds.”
His look to Asch and Cayden could not have been more pointed if it had come at the tip of a spear.  Even so, the toy soldier did not attempt to bridge the gap between them. It fell to Cayden to walk the short distance, his hand outstretched. The soldier lingered far longer than was polite before taking his grip, her rough fingers squeezing his hand to the point he worried she'd start doing HP damage if she didn't let up.
"Excellent. Our staff will provide you with all the necessary information." The Duke turned to leave, his bodyguards forming in tight alongside him as he added, almost offhandedly. "Field Marshal, a word."
"Hmm. Daddy's calling." Asch said with a smirk, finally releasing his hand. "Keep you and yours out of our way, and we'll tolerate you. Boy."
Cayden longed to reply, but a combination of the Duke's brisk departure and a lack of a witty response made him hold his tongue. Instead, he smiled, a grin that twisted her face into a rictus of irritation that persisted long after he'd set off to try and catch up to the child ruler.
"Sir," Cayden said as he fell into step beside Elazio, trying not to laugh at the absurdity of it. “Or... is there something I should be calling you?”
“In formal situations, Duke, Sire, or any number of proper titles would be appropriate. In private, Elazio, or El will suffice.” The young man replied, offering Cayden a genuine smile.  After an audience where the boy had been forced to keep a stern or impassive expression, it was almost unnerving to see a normal, childish grin. “Cayden is fine?”
“Yeah.  No one calls me Cay though.”
"I'll endeavor to remember that," El replied.
They walked beside one another in silence for much of the corridor, the sound of clanking metal and his bodyguard's booted steps filling the void left by the absence of their words. As they reached the corner, and it became clear that the Duke wasn't going to continue, Cayden spoke once again. "You asked to speak to me?"
"Yes." The boy nodded. "Forgive me; I just wanted to collect myself."
“No problem. That had to have been rough, especially at your age.”
The child ruler looked up sharply, eyes as grey as his skin fiercely catching hold of Cayden's. He didn't say anything, just kept that gaze steadily on Cayden until at last the young man relented, holding his hands up in surrender. “Forget I said anything.”
El laughed, the humor flooding his eyes so quickly that it was clear he'd been on the verge of laughter through most of his staring contest. “You don't get the throne in Islo by being weak, even as a child.”
Cayden frowned. He knew the history of Babel, especially the lower levels, and the sad fact was that the way you get the throne in Islo was by being explicitly designed to fill that role.
Babel was so real that sometimes it was hard to remember that all the lore, all the quests, even all the Elan were as much fabrications as the physical tower itself.  The event might have a player based trigger, but the actions Elazio had just taken? That was programming, wasn't it? A thousand soldiers divided so every significant group of players had some stake in the war aspect that appeared to be the event's gimmick. The Wardens weren't somehow corrupted by the Liar King; they were created solely to be part of this event.
The thought made him shudder. There were Elan Rights activists for a reason. Apart from skin, eye or hair color, most Elan were functionally indistinguishable from humans. But if they were designed specifically for things like this, to take specific actions in regards to a pre-defined event, well that made them different from a human, didn't it? Did they even have free will at that point?
Elazio was staring at him. A thought for another time.
"Probably not," Cayden admitted at last. "So what did you need?"
“Hmm? Oh, yes.” The kid laughed, halting in his tracks.  “You've never commanded troops in battle, have you?”
“Does Starcraft count?”
“I-”
“Don't get the reference. Don't worry it h-”
“No, I get it. I just don't think it applies.” Elazio interrupted.
“Wait. What?” Cayden asked.
“I'm royalty. People constantly try to curry favor with me. About a year ago someone brought me one of your 'Lap-Tops' and showed me how to play a few games on it.”
An NPC playing a videogame. Pretty sure the Developer didn't program him to do that.
“That... is actually kind of cool. But yeah, no. I don't have any experience.”
Elazio nodded. “I expected as much. I will be sending one of my most trusted men along with you to Bastion, to serve as your military advisor.  Would this be amenable to you?”
“Absolutely.  All the help I can get.”
“Then you'll be accepting Roberta's help as well.” The Duke said with a self-satisfied smile.
“Roberta?”
“My lead engineer. She will serve you in that role, as well as a civic role as mayor of the town.  Assuming you decide to put effort into repopulating the walled town around the keep itself?”
“Honestly hadn't given it much thought. Still trying to soak this in.”
“Soak quickly.” The young boy replied. “Your task is most crucial of all.”
Cayden frowned. “I assume you're going to explain why a keep I've never heard of needs more defenders than your city?”
“Perceptive.” Elazio mused, joining Cayden in his worried expression. “A moment more.”
Their path carried them through a set of large double doors into an opulent library that made Cayden wince in spite of himself, then through another set of equally opulent doors into a much smaller chamber.  A man awaited them there, standing at full attention in heavy plate. He was perhaps the most ridiculous Elan Cayden had yet laid eyes on.  His navy blue skin might have looked alright on such a severe man, but the short crop of hot pink hair atop his head would have been absurd even if it wasn't matched by the similarly offensively bright waxed mustache.
It was a small miracle Cayden didn't break down laughing at the sight of him. Was he a glitch? Or had the Developer just randomized the colors of the various Elan and this poor bastard got the short end of the stick.
The soldier stood in front of a mirrored table. No, not a mirrored table, but a mirror table. It was nearly ten feet long, and four feet across at its widest point, but the dusky purple surface was unmistakable. A display table, a mirror like the one in his back pocket, though writ quite a bit larger.
“Valserys.” The Duke nodded as they entered, his composure tightening once more as the boy left and the Duke returned.
“My Lord.” The man responded without hesitation. “I have prepared the surface as you requested.  Is this the one?”
"Not my first, second, or even third choice," Elazio replied, clearly fighting down a smirk. “But he will do. Cayden, this is Valserys del Teremetsio. He is the military attaché I spoke to you about.”
"Pleasure," Cayden said, stammering the last half of the word as Valserys chose the same moment to speak the same words. The two exchanged looks and a hint of a smirk before the Duke continued.
“Show him.”
The soldier reached out and stroked the edge of the mirror with a gloved finger, causing its surface to glow with life. Displayed upon it was what appeared to be an aerial view of the entirety of Babel's second-floor, though it quickly zoomed in to focus on the most critical areas.  Some had their names written plainly on the screen, while Cayden knew from experience that touching others would give him additional information.  It was, after all, the same map he could pull up on his mirror.
The only thing that seemed out of the ordinary to Cayden was a glowing circle on the far end of the map, miles removed from Islo, Sunè or any of the other locations he knew well.
“This is the area where we believe the Tomb of the Liar King to be located," Valserys explained. “Even now we have scribes and scouts endeavoring to confirm and narrow down the specific location, but we are fairly certain that our initial estimate is accurate to within roughly thirty miles.”
“Why do you think that?” Cayden asked.
“Our initial estimates were based on information contained in the Ducal libraries. Recent events have confirmed the general location.” The general touched his mustache as he looked to the Duke, as if uncertain about precisely how much detail he should give, continuing only after a nod from the young boy. “Two villages in the area were found burned to the ground before we lost contact with our scouts. Given estimates of the land speed of the Warden Army, we have a fair amount of confidence that this is the location of the tomb."
“So the plan is what, exactly? Go kick their door down?”
The pink-haired soldier shook his head. “With everything we know, the military consensus is that a frontal attack would be suicidal. The Wardens were charged with suppressing a rival to the Great Emperor himself. As a military force they must be mighty indeed.”
“Our plan, as it stands, is to defend our lands while we discover the cause of their awakening.” The Duke explained. “If we can rectify what has disturbed them, it should mollify the army and allow them to return to their slumber.”
“And if we can't?” Cayden cocked his head to one side.
The Duke smiled wanly. “My scholars tell me that the full army is reputed to number in the thousands.  Though even that is not our largest concern.”
On cue, Valserys touched a point on the map. It sat with both Sunè and Islo between it and the Tomb of the Liar King, with a glowing callout on the map labeling it as 'Bastion.'
“We cannot be sure of the Warden's intentions, so we have to assume the worst, that the Wardens believe they have failed entirely in their task to restrain the Liar King.” Elazio swallowed hard, drawing a path along the map with his finger as he spoke. “If this is the case, then the Wardens will muster, fighting off any threats as they gather in strength before finally making for Bastion.”
"Why there?" Cayden asked though he suspected he had an idea of the answer.
"The keep is home to the final sanction; the last recourse should all else fail.  The Warrior."
Valserys brushed his fingers along the edge of the screen once again to show an illustration of a figure.  It looked childlike at first glance, curled up into a fetal ball.  But the longer Cayden looked, the worse it became.  The figure was stone, a soldier rather than a child, one clad in ornate oriental armor.  What had looked like toys at first blush were buildings, siege equipment and full grown men and women.  It was a giant stone soldier. 
Quite the fitting name.
"Should the Wardens breach into the Throne Room of Bastion, they can awaken The Warrior with little more than a touch," Valserys explained.
"And if they do?" Cayden asked though he'd played enough videogames to know the answer.
Elazio answered anyways. “Then the Warrior will kill every man, woman and child on this floor.”
Chapter Five
“Anyone else feel like we're going to end up fighting Dracula before the night is over?”
Most of Cayden's party were usually pretty on the ball with his references, so it came as a bit of surprise that Michael was the only one who appeared to get it. The new addition to their party hummed Bloody Tears to himself as they advanced on the castle gate. A point in the man's favor, Cayden supposed.
Cayden still wasn't sure what to think of Michael, the ruggedly handsome solo player who had turned down command of Bastion in favor of letting it fall to Cayden's party instead. He knew what the gals in his party thought of him though, if only because it was all but impossible to ignore the way Sarah and Celia had fawned over him in the lead up to the teleportation that had left them less than a mile from Bastion.  Only Silver appeared to have been immune, the ever-serious mage too busy in her plotting to give Michael much more than a cursory smile.
In the twenty minutes Cayden had spent talking with Duke Elazio, the solo player had managed to ingratiate himself to both Celia and, to Cayden's surprise, Shifty as well. By the time Cayden returned, the three of them were laughing like good friends, and no amount of reasoning or excuses could convince either of them that Michael would be anything but an asset to their party.
Admittedly, Cayden lacked any good angles of attack.  Michael was of a comparable level, with a DPS focus that fit well into the open space of their party.  Worse yet, his build, once it was explained to Cayden, was pretty well thought out. At first glance, a dozen levels in a tanking class like Juggernaut should have disqualified him, but once Michael explained its interaction with the abilities of his other class levels, well, even Cayden had to admit he was impressed. 
Grudgingly.
So why didn't he like the guy? Was it just something as simple as petty jealousy? Everyone fell for that from time to time. Right?
No. Not me. Never. Cayden thought to himself with a roll of his eyes. He could figure out things with Michael later. Right now they had a very, very large fish to fry.
“Not on any maps I've got, not even the internal guild ones.” Silver said from the back of the line.
"So it is safe to say that it probably didn't exist until this morning," Michael replied before Cayden could.
“Which was pretty much what we figured.” Cayden continued his thought anyways.  “Guess we're going to have to clear it the hard way.”
“I'd feel a lot safer doing it if Sarah was with us.” Celia chimed in.
“Wouldn't we all.” He replied. Despite pleading from Celia, and slightly more dignified requests from the others, the waitress remained resolute in her earlier position. She was retired as an adventurer. Besides, she'd said, who would watch the Dizzy Sheep if she was off gallivanting around?
“No help for it.” Cayden continued, glancing over his shoulder. “Anything we should be concerned about?”
Roberta and Valserys took a moment to glance at one another as if exchanging information and deciding which would be the one to speak all in a single look. It was Roberta who drew the short straw.  
Elazio's lead engineer was nothing like what'd Cayden had expected, though admittedly it was hard to narrow down exactly what he had expected in the first place.  A petite and slender woman of perhaps fifty, Roberta stood head and shoulders below Cayden at just under five feet in height, though one could never tell it from the presence she exuded.
Roberta was as strong-willed as she was tiny. While her voice wasn't deep, she made up for it with an air of authority, a curt tone that spoke of nobility. "Uncertain as of yet, Field Marshall."
“Uncertain?” Shifty asked.
"Legend has it that the upper floors of the keep are replete with powerful guardians," Roberta explained. "But most of them are tethered to their locations, and should present no threat to you unless you seek them out."
“That said, the lower floors have been abandoned for centuries. It is likely that some, or all of the grounds are overrun.” Valserys added.
“Wunderbar," Cayden said dryly. "You three wait out here while we go inside and-"
“I'm sorry, who is the third person in that statement?”Silver interjected sharply.
He'd been dreading this. “Who do you think Silver?”
“Oh please Cayden, drop the chivalrous crap for once in your life.”
“This has nothing to do with...” Cayden shot back, his temper getting the better of him for just a second. “You're level one hundred, right?”
“Yeah.”
“And you take a 90% penalty to basically everything. Right?”
“Yeah, but-”
“What is 10% of one hundr-”
"If you'd let me finish instead of being an ass!" Silver snapped. "You'd know that with all the stat boosts from my items, I'm closer to a level fourteen or fifteen."
He hadn't thought of that, though the smirk on her face as realization crossed his made it almost impossible to see the logic in her argument through the haze of irritation.  She had a point, but damn if he wanted to admit it now.
“You know we can't risk you.”
“What risk?” She scoffed. “Cayden, I've been playing this game longer than everyone in this party combined. You think I'm going to pull aggro or run into a trap like some idiot noob?”
"She's right," Shifty said from the sidelines, saving Cayden the shame of having to admit it. "Even underleveled, we're better off having her than having the empty slot.”
"Thank you!" Silver said with an exasperated sigh. "I'll sit at the back and sling some damage, and we'll get this all done faster."
Cayden looked to Celia, then even to Michael for help. The former stared back at him expectantly, while the latter only shrugged in a way that felt like a near-perfect summary of Cayden's options.
"Fine." He said, at last, snapping his fingers and searching out his social menu to add Silver to their active party. "On the condition that you stay within thirty yards at all time so that I can cover you if need be."
“You won't need to.” Silver replied with such sweetness that he felt his teeth ache.  Before he could interject, she held up a finger. “Yes, fine, I will. Shall we?”
Instead of responding to her, Cayden turned his attention to the two Elan with their party. “Will you be alright out here alone?”
Valserys nodded. "The beasts in the area are easily dispatched if we come across any at all. We will enter the castle once you send word that it is clear."
“Alright.”Cayden nodded. "Everyone ready?”
The group gave their assent, but all eyes turned to Michael, the party fixing him with a unified stare until their meaning finally clicked in his head. “Oh. Right. Yeah. Command: Full Equip.”
The air around Michael shimmered as piece after piece of his thick armor materialized into existence upon his body.  As a juggernaut, he wore nothing but the mightiest plate, the ornate Albieth steel engraved with defensive inscriptions and painted a blood red that made the stunning man stand out amidst their party, even if he was now wearing a full helm.
“Well then, shall we?” Cayden asked with a smirk.
“Really?” Silver asked, eyeing him with a blank expression.
“Really.” He replied, offering her his most charming smile before turning in the direction of the lowered drawbridge.
Bastion was the sort of castle you'd only ever see in a film or a video game. The type that could only exist when budgets and time constraints weren't a real concern, and you were willing to ignore a few laws of physics to make the scene picturesque. Even calling it a castle wasn't strictly accurate. Cayden wasn't exactly up to date on his ancient architecture, but he thought that 'walled city' might be a better term for the majority of what lay ahead of them.
The curtain wall of the city was, by his best guess, about fifty feet tall and at least half that in width. Towers studded the length of it at various intervals, at least thirty by his casual count.  The whole of the town was surrounded by a twenty-foot wide moat, though it was curiously absent of water.
Perhaps not so curious, considering it is supposedly abandoned. Cayden realized as they walked across the creaking wood of the immense drawbridge. 
The outer walls were merely the first ring in a series of defenses that they had been able to see as they approached the fortress. A second, crescent-shaped wall separated the lower city from the upper township, with a single road the only official thoroughfare between the two. And after that, most impressive of all was Bastion's Keep itself.
Even as little more than a silhouette against the night sky, the keep was a majestic building. It sat on the edge of the sheer cliff-face, with the lake below surrounded by a final wall for conventional defense. It almost reminded Cayden of some sort of twisted tree, with branches growing out of the main bulk of the keep to rise up in half a dozen individual spires, connected to one another by walkways. Here and there even those branches grew their own offspring, small offshoots that hung off the edges of the established towers with such flimsy connections that Cayden knew some sort of magic had to be involved in their creation.
Travel through the city was safe, but unnerving. Silver and Celia provided light with their magic, but there was never enough to cover every darkened nook and cranny or to reach the end of every dim alleyway. By the time they reached the second wall, the whole party was dripping with dread and tension. By the time they arrived the keep itself and saw the first motion within its walls, it was a relief to see that they'd only have to be fighting the walking dead.
"Skill Use: Observe," Cayden said under his breath as they watched the shambling corpses and misshapen skeletons pacing aimlessly back and forth inside the courtyard.
Shambling Terror
Level 16
HP: 1050/1050
MP: 10/10
TP: 200/200
Skills: Unknown
Resistances: None
Weaknesses: Holy 100%
 
Blood Skeleton
Level 15
HP: 750/750
MP: 0/0
TP: 500/500
Skills: Unknown
Resistances: Darkness 50%
Weaknesses: Holy 100%
“Not exactly much of a threat.” Michael said, looking to the others.
“Individually, no.” Cayden nodded. “But I count nine that we can see from here. There are probably going to be at least that many that we can't. Likely far more than that. Might be better to take them piecemeal.”
“You've got a plan?” Silver asked.
“Nothing clever. They're bunched up too tightly for us to pull them in small groups. But if we pick a fight at range, the skeletons are going to reach us a lot faster than something called Shambling Terrors.”
Silver nodded. “Considering how slow they are moving, we might be able to just keep backing up and kite the terrors with ranged attacks.”
“My thoughts exactly.” Cayden nodded. “So who is pulling?”
The group looked between one another. In their regular party, it wasn't even a question. Shifty had the longest range by far, so it just made sense for him to pull the targets. Here, however?
“How about we let Mrs. Boomspell do her thing?” Shifty suggested.
