Chapter One
A burst of noise nearly knocked Joe from his kneeling position as the crowd of gathered Nobles and various factions burst into applause. King Henry wrapped an arm around Joe's shoulder as much to steady him as to show his favor. “A little strange, isn’t it?”
Joe looked at the King in wonder. Everything sounded different, everything reverberated with different tones than he was used to hearing. “What… what was that? Wait, is that my voice?”
“Ah.” The King bobbed his head in understanding, every slight motion seeming to suck the air from the room. “By your expression and the way you are clutching at your ears, the gift you have been granted must be Magical Synesthesia. I was wondering what you would earn. I know you are keeping your eyes off of your notifications out of politeness, but I would look into that more closely when you leave here. As a secondary gift, let me increase the land allotment that you earned from the part you played in that little war.”
Joe heard a *ding* but again refrained from looking over at the blinking notification. The King spoke to the room at large after sitting down, his motion calculated to force clapping to a halt so that his words would have maximum impact on the gathering. “My people, we are here today to honor a man that not only played a large part in ending the Wolfman uprising, but also saved my very life.”
“This man, Joe,” here the King motioned at Joe and silenced the excited whispering that had broken out, “has earned my favor and the favor of my people by extension. I deem the first of his steps toward Nobility as complete.”
“Should he complete two more tasks of such aid to the Kingdom, he will be granted the rights of full Nobility.” The room exploded into furious noise, and Joe could have sworn that he somehow saw a smug look on the King’s face through the armor that blocked all sight. “Of course, this is easier said than done. How many times can one man save a King… who has only ever needed to be saved once?”
Polite laughter broke out, but the smiles were cut with calculated staring that felt anything except excited or happy. “Let the feast begin!”
Joe sat to the right of the King, only two seats away from the man himself. The Queen sat next to Joe, but both of the Regents remained as still as cut stone the entire meal. The Prince, sitting on the left of the King, kept glancing at Joe in confusion, as if he had seen him before but could not remember where. Joe remembered quite clearly. It was one of the most unexpected deaths he had experienced in the game, and if he hadn’t been nearly immediately given recompense, Joe may have held a grudge. As it stood, it was likely better not to point out errors perpetrated by the Crown Prince at dinner.
“Joe, thank you again for what you did to save my husband.” The Queen was speaking in a low tone and hadn’t turned her head to address him. That would have instantly drawn attention since the movement would have caused all the gathered people to choke. “I thought all was lost. Also, how is the wildebeest?”
“Is that what this is?” Joe inspected the haunch of meat, and sure enough he got the expected result.
Perception check + knowledge check success! This is a perfectly seared slice of meat from a wildebeest. Stamina +10 for the next two hours.
“Wow.” Joe allowed his excitement to show through. “I’ve never seen normal food cooked well enough to give bonuses by itself! Oh, um. It’s delicious, ma’am. That is, Your Majesty. As for the King, as happy as I am to have saved him, I truly can’t take much credit. At the end of the day, it was an incredibly self-serving act.”
“You refer to the penalties imposed on males of our race?” The Queen shifted a tiny amount, and Joe assumed she had needed to hold in a shrug. “It would have been far worse for me and mine, Joe. We would have lost Henry. As for being self-serving, I disagree. While there was sure to be the benefits of having a King, I was told that you crossed the battlefield not only with terrible burns but also missing a leg. No one would have faulted you for not making the journey.”
“Ugh, I’m so hungry.” The words were not what Joe expected to hear coming from her next. “Our battle prowess makes more… regular aspects of life somewhat more difficult. If I wanted to tear into that meat with you, no one else but Henry could eat at the same time. I told him we should have eaten before the ceremony. I do have one more question for you, and it may seem a little strange.”
“Um. Right, please.” Joe nodded slightly as an indication for her to continue and refrained from taking another bite of food while he waited for her to speak.
“How did you revive Henry?” Seeing Joe’s confused expression, she tried again, ”Please don’t misunderstand, but I know how the abilities you wield work, and there is no way that you should have been able to bring him back to life. Did you somehow have a divine favor to use?”
“I didn’t.” Joe hadn’t even considered his actions. He had gone into the battlefield knowing that he could save the King. Now that he thought about it, he could only resurrect people his own level or lower. There was no way that ‘King Henry the Battle Tyrant’ was a lower level than him. “I’m… I guess I have no idea how I did it. I just… did it.”
“Hmm.” The Queen paused. “I would like you to ignore propriety and take a moment to look at your notifications. Please, let me know if you see anything different, at least, in a negative manner.”
Joe nodded gravely and intentionally let his notifications flow over him.
Skill gained: Magical Synesthesia (Novice I). One of the four magical senses that can be granted by the King or Queen of Ardania. From now on, all items holding magic within them will hum softly to your senses. As a consequence of your hearing being enhanced, all sounds will be interpreted differently than before, even voices. Higher levels of this skill will allow for more robust sounds to be heard. Masters of this skill are rumored to weave magic by the sound of their mana alone. Effect: 1n% increased mana-auditory sensation, where n = skill level.
The King of Ardania has doubled the amount of land that you have been authorized to claim! All land must be contiguous and cannot have a current landowner in place.
You are at a Royal Feast in your honor! Reputation gains with factions friendly to the Crown are doubled for the duration!
You are seated at the Royal table! Reputation gains with factions friendly to the Crown are doubled for the duration!
“I’m not seeing any issues, and I had read through all my notifications before coming here,” Joe quietly informed the Queen. “Would you please thank the King for me again if I don’t get the chance? Magical Synesthesia seems amazing.”
“You don’t know the half of it.” She snorted softly. “Just wait until it hits the upper ranks! No change in stats then, everything is good? I am glad to hear that you have not had any blowback for helping us so much.”
“Stats? I don’t think so…” He hastily opened his status sheet and looked over his stats, wincing as he realized that there was indeed an issue; and a rather devastating one at that.
Name: Joe ‘Tatum’s Chosen Legend’ Class: Mage (Actual: Rituarchitect)
Profession: Tenured Scholar (Actual: Arcanologist)
Character Level: 15 Exp: 125,993 Exp to next level: 10,007
Rituarchitect Level: 2 Exp: 2,190 Exp to next level: 810
Hit Points: 220/220
Mana: 963/963
Mana regen: 19.97/sec
Stamina: 195
Characteristic: Raw score (Modifier)
Strength: 22 (1.22)
Dexterity: 31 (1.31)
Constitution: 27 (1.27)
Intelligence: 72 (2.22)
Wisdom: 66 (2.16)
Charisma: 26 (1.26)
Perception: 51 (2.01)
Luck: 29 (1.29)
Karmic Luck: +3
“I’m pretty sure I should have twice the amount of mana that I do right now,” Joe confessed to the Queen as quietly as possible. “It’s normally doubled by my deity.”
“That could indeed be a problem.” She took in a deep breath. “I’ll arrange transport to the temples as soon as our meal is complete. You should find the issue at the source, after all. Unfortunately, if you leave right now, there will be the issue of breaking protocol and many people will hold a grudge against you.”
“I’d rather that didn’t happen.” Joe groaned as he looked over his stats once more. There was only one thing that he could do to mitigate the loss, and that was to pour a hefty amount of characteristic points into the intelligence stat. He had fifteen points remaining from his sudden level increase, as well as eighteen skill points, but he was unsure if using them was the best course of action. He reluctantly decided instead to wait until meeting with Tatum.
As the feast slowed and people started loosening their belts, individuals began to wander around the area. Small social groups were forming, and some intrepid people began approaching the Monarchs. To Joe’s surprise, a few even came to speak with him! None of them really had much to say to each other, but Joe realized that by appearing friendly with him, they were also able to stand directly in front of the Monarchs and have themselves noticed.
Only one person really stood out from the others, and it was only by his actions. The man in question was dressed in colors just as garish as the other Nobles in the room, but instead of speaking to Joe, the man simply looked at him like he was an interesting bug. This wouldn’t have been a terrible issue, but he was leaning across the table and had even slid Joe’s plate to the side in order to get closer.
“Humph.” This was the only ‘word’ the man spoke, but a notification scrolled across Joe’s vision that made his pulse race.
Reputation increased! Your reputation with the Grand Zoo of Ardania has increased from ‘Loathed’ to ‘Hated’! Only 1000 more points to reach ‘Hostile’!
Reputation increased! Your reputation with the Grand Zoo of Ardania has increased from ‘Hated’ to ‘Hostile’! Only 300 more points to reach ‘Cautious’!
After that gruff sound, the man simply turned and walked away. Joe managed to close his mouth, just now realizing that it had dropped during that uncomfortable exchange. “What in the world was that?”
“Hmm?” The Queen was staring at a plate of still-steaming bread, and Joe could feel his breath catch as she twitched toward it. “Oh, him. That’s ‘The Ringleader’. Pff. His name is Robert. He runs one of the most popular forms of entertainment for Nobility, a zoo that boasts the most unique creatures known to Eternium. I have no idea why people like the menagerie and clowns so much. For now, at least. I’ll figure it out soon, I’m certain.”
“He didn’t seem to like me very much,” Joe blandly stated, taking a sip of wine and committing the man’s face to memory. Whatever had happened in the past to get him to this point, the fact remained that he had somehow just gained a thousand and seven hundred reputation points at a minimum. “Did I do something to upset him?”
“It’s highly unlikely. He doesn’t get out much.” The Queen sighed as a server took the bread basket away. “Drat. Ah, well. They’ll save some for me. As for Robert, he just doesn’t like many people.”
Joe watched as the dance floor started to be populated. Feeling a tickle of dread, he saw several people eyeing him carefully. The King chuckled and spoke just loud enough for Joe to hear, “I think it’s time to sneak you out of here. That mark on your head will always get you access to the throne room if you need it, but do your best not to abuse the privilege. Good luck, Joe. How I envy you getting to leave early!”
“We should have eaten before this started.”
“I know, I know.” King Henry sounded exasperated, and Joe smiled. It was nice to see that some things were the same regardless of social strata.
Chapter Two
The unassuming carriage rolled to a stop in front of the temple district. Joe popped out and waved at the driver, who nodded and got the horses moving once more. The Rituarchitect looked up at the imposing building and frowned. Normally, he would be happy to be here, but right now he had a sneaking suspicion that something had gone very wrong.
Walking through the temple, he heard an odd ringing in his ears that just barely tickled at his senses. Oddly enough, covering his ears did nothing to stop the ringing, and he realized that this must have something to do with his new hearing skill. Obviously, this place was highly enchanted or just stuffed full of mana; which would make sense at a giant hub of divine energy like this.
“Let’s see… neutral, dark, water.” Joe followed the path to Tatum’s altar just as he had before, but was surprised to find that it was closer to the center and more ornate than it had been previously. He touched it, expecting to find himself away on a mountaintop temple in the next instant, but was instead given a notification.
System message: Hello, Joe. You are the Chosen of Tatum, which is why you are being shown this message at all. The Deity Occultatum is under review for his actions to this point. He has spent too much divine energy in too short an amount of time. Not only that, but he directly resurrected King Henry of Ardania using you as a medium.
As such, certain passive bonuses will be unavailable to you. Specifically, you cannot be granted an extended mana pool, though your ability to resurrect others will remain. You are free to choose another deity to serve during this time, or you can work to pay off Occultatum’s debt of 13,000,000 divine energy.
“Good lord, Tatum!” Joe muttered to himself, shocked at the vast deficit. He continued reading through the message. “What did you do?”
As you know, each place of power connected to a deity generates divine energy for them. There are five different standard types of divine sources as buildings. In order: Altar, Shrine, Temple (small), Temple, and Temple (Grand). Followers will also generate divine energy at a lower rate, and less consistently as they may shift allegiance. The choice is yours to make!
“Well, obviously I’m not gonna turn my back on a guy who destroyed himself to get me to this point.” Joe sighed and rubbed his bald head. “Hold on, Tatum. I’ll figure out a way to help you out or else I’ll see you whenever the current temples pay out enough.”
Quest Gained: Paying a Great Debt. By choosing to remain faithful to your chosen deity, you have agreed to take on their debt. Find a way to pay off 13,000,000 divine energy. Followers generate up to 25 DE a day. Altars generate 50 DE a day. Shrines generate 100 DE a day. Temples generate 250, 500, and 1000 DE daily in order of rank. There may be other places of power that can be converted to your deity, but you will need to find that information yourself. Reward: Interaction with Tatum unlocked, Unknown. Failure: Tatum remains locked away.
“Sheesh, they are not making it easy on me.” Joe patted the altar, “Sorry, big guy. Even if I make this my mission for a good long time, I think you are stuck for a while. See ya when I see ya.”
Joe found that the fast-travel system was still in place and that the altar had a built-in connection. Excellent, he had been worried that he would need to go to the town square in order to teleport back to the Wanderer’s Guild. With a tiny clap of air being displaced, he vanished from Ardania and appeared in the unnamed town that had been taken over by the Noble Guild. Instantly, he felt slightly queasy. “What in the…?”
He looked at his stats and noticed that the teleport had taken a full eighth of his mana. Normally, that was such a small amount that he wouldn’t even notice it happening! Heck, by the time he noticed the loss even now, his mana was already regenerating. Just one more limiting factor he hadn’t even needed to observe until now.
“Are you Joe?” A man came running up to him wearing light clothing and winged sandals. “Looks like they were right! Just wait in the egg-shaped Pathfinder’s Hall, and ol’ Joe will pop out of nowhere. Neat trick! I have a message for you. There is a guild leadership meeting starting in about twenty minutes. I know it’s late, but I wasn’t the one who set it up.”
The messenger handed over a small missive, gave the guild salute of a fist banging on his chest, and ran off once more. Joe hadn’t even gotten a chance to respond! Some people’s kids. Joe turned over the letter and pondered it momentarily. “At least they gave me warning. Not like I have anything else to do right now. Sleep would be nice, though.”
After regrowing his leg—and attending to Reggie, the traitor mage—Joe had left for the capital right away in order to claim whatever reward the King wanted to give him. No need to put that off for a rainy day; rewards from a Royal were best taken right away… just in case you lost their favor in the future. Plus, gaining a new sense that leveled? Definitely worth making the trip. Joe looked around at the mid-sized temple he was in and sighed. At least there was five hundred divine energy guaranteed to go off to Tatum each day. At this rate, he would see the deity in… twenty-six thousand days, or a bit more than seventy-one years.
“Well, that just won’t work for me.” Joe started walking toward the newly built guild hall. It wasn’t hard to find; in fact, it was one of the only buildings currently standing. Everything else, even if it had survived the initial blast of the detonating… whatever that thing was… had been so unsafe that the guild had ripped it apart. There were very few survivors from the original town; most of them had been shuffled to the side to be taken care of by healers when the nuke-like object went off. There had been no sign of them respawning.
Through all the tragedy, the benefit to the guild was obvious. They now had a clean section of land to build and expand upon, but the downside was that they were going to need to import labor. That was rough. At least there was plenty of wood around! Whatever hadn’t burned right away had simply been knocked over, and this made it a simple matter to collect a few tons of trees to be cut into lumber. People in the guild with the carpenter class were ecstatic. Lumberjacks less so.
The doors in front of Joe opened, and he was ushered over to sit at a large, oval table. He wasn’t the last to arrive, but it was pretty close. Aten stepped into the room as soon as the final person was present and charged straight into conversation, “Hey, guys! Just popped over from the front lines and have a really short window to make it back before the Gate spell collapses. I’ll get straight to the agenda. First up, we’re having a lot of issues with leadership abusing their positions.”
“If you are suspected of doing this, there will be an investigation. If it is found that you are doing things you shouldn’t be, like putting someone into the position of attention or messing with them when they aren’t breaking our rules, your position is gone. No argument, no appeal. You might even get kicked from the guild.” Aten was speaking in a deep voice and trying to make eye contact with the whole table at once. “Now, look around. All the people here are guild leadership. Become friends. It matters.”
“Lastly, with Sir Bearington’s permission, I was officially able to claim the entire town and about one square mile of land with this building at the exact center. We need to make this place into a fortress, but first, we need to get people out of tents and into barracks at the minimum. There are a lot of support and logistics issues that need to be addressed, so work together to make it happen. If you have a skillset that could help us here, please use it to help us all out.” Aten was practically staring holes in Joe as he was speaking. “Alright, that’s all. I gotta go!”
Aten ran out of the building, and the other people just sort of… sat there with information overload. They started chatting, but Joe had been having a very long day and left after the eighth person introduced themselves. He was doing his best to be friendly, but Celestial Feces some of these people were boring. Joe was pretty sure that at least half the staff were there as stand-ins for some corporation that was funding this guild. The other half seemed… zealous about treating this purely as a game. Not really Joe’s scene when he was so tired.
After escaping the clutches of polite small-talk for the second time in one night, Joe finally made it back to the Pathfinder’s Hall. He was looking forward to a bed in one of the most defended places he could manage. The last time he had slept out in the open, an assassin had tried to lay a terrifying curse on him. It had failed, sure, but it had also made Joe far more wary.
Just as he was closing the door behind him, someone out in the darkness screamed, “I can’t log out!”
Silence followed this proclamation for only as long as it took other people to try logging out as well. Then the night erupted into screams and shouts, rage and fear.
“Nope.” Joe firmly closed the door behind him. “Not dealing with that right now. Bed. Most of that’ll be sorted by morning anyway.”
Chapter Three
“Ahh. Nothing like a well-rested bonus to get you going in the morning!” Joe stepped out of the massive, egg-shaped building and looked around. There were a lot of sleepless faces around, eyes ringed with the purple and black bruises that showed up after a long and trying night. “Though maybe I’ll go ahead and keep that to myself…”
Joe had a very standard routine in the morning: wake up, cast Cleanse on himself, find coffee, and drink said coffee. His body and clothing were cleaner than if he had spent fifteen minutes in the shower and used a modern washing machine, and now he was ready for the second half of the morning ritual. Heh. No one ever said his jokes were good before coffee, but that one came close.
While walking over to the dining hall, Joe kept an eye on his fellow guild members. A good chunk of them seemed distraught, but an even larger number of them seemed hyper-manic and happy with this outcome. Joe wasn’t sure where the discrepancy lay; perhaps they were simply hardcore gamers that had been chasing after this fantasy from the start? Where was the coffee?
Joe got in the back of a long line and not-exactly patiently waited for his chance at the anthracite ambrosia. When he finally got around to the front, he realized why this process was taking so long today and cursed whoever had brought this tradition to Eternium. “Grande half-caf double whip toffee nut latte with an extra shot.”
People turned and stared at him as he screamed, but he didn’t care. “No~o~o! Why, you monster? In the first place, why would you get a shot of espresso and put that delicious liquid in half-caf mud? Move! You! Coffee! Black! Large!”
The server… no, the barista smiled at him and poured a long stream of coffee into a mug for him. “Can I get a name for this?”
“Joe.”
“Thanks, Elbow! That’ll be five copper.” The barista hadn’t changed his plastered-on facial expression the entire time. Joe had to do his best not to slap him, grab the mug, and run away screaming.
“Here’s the copper.” Joe slapped the coins on the table and snatched the mug away. “I can’t even tell you how upset I am about this situation.”
“New policy! Coffee is expensive to get out here, so we can’t just give it away for free. Have a great day, Elbow!” The barista was already back to helping other customers, and Joe could only walk stiffly away while sipping his drink. Anger sipping.
“Okay, I can do this, this is fine.” Joe laughed in a slightly too-high pitched tone. “Since everyone else is out on quests and stuff, I guess I’ll just go–”
“Excuse me, Joe?” A glasses-wearing man stepped toward him with a too-friendly expression on his face. The glasses had to be an affectation as everyone had perfect eyesight here. That, or they offered some bonus similar to Joe’s scholarly spectacles. “I don’t think we’ve had a chance to meet. I am the Vice-Guild leader. My name is Michael. My friends call me Mike, and I hope you will as well.”
“Oh, good morning, Mike.” Joe switched his coffee mug to his left hand and shook Mike’s outstretched appendage. “How can I help you today?”
“I have a few problems that I am told you might be willing to help with, especially in light of our most recent meeting and subsequent lack of being able to log off.” Mike saw the coffee in Joe’s hand and smiled widely. “Oh, you found our newest coffee shop! That was my idea. Did you find something that you liked?”
“Blasphemy.”
“I’m… sorry, I didn’t catch that?” Mike frowned at Joe’s whispered word but decided to just launch into his reason for being there, “I’m told that you can raise buildings very quickly, and I know that you are the one who made the Pathfinder’s Hall. Can I ask what you would need from us to get a few housing developments going? Since no one can log off, we are finding that having rooms would be very beneficial.”
“You want me to make… housing.” Joe tried not to crack his knuckles, a bad habit from his past life. “I can create war-starting-and-ending structures, and you want me to magic houses into existence.”
Joe’s flat tone wasn’t lost on Mike, who gestured at the massive, black marble building. “I do. I know that this isn’t as glorious as something like that, but this is something that may actually be more important in the short term. It’ll take a week for our people to put up a house, two for an apartment building or barracks, but you… you can do it in under a day, I’m told. We’ll supply whatever you need, within reason, and this is a great way to earn contribution points!”
“Contribution… points.” Joe wasn’t dumb; he was just surprised by the blatant attempt to get him to do a lot of work on what was essentially credit. An ‘I owe you’ didn’t help much when a wolf was tearing out your throat. He’d found that out firsthand.
“Right! We took the concept from the Wolfman war,” Mike jovially informed Joe. “When we go on raids or clear dungeons, there will be gear and items that everyone wants. Those will go into the guild’s storage, and people will be able to buy that sort of thing only with contribution points. I swear it’ll be a useful currency.”
“Will be.” Joe sighed and drank his now-cool coffee in one long pull. “Ahh. Alright. Listen, Mike, there is a reason that buildings take a long time to build. What you are doing is having a bunch of people share the energy cost and potentially cutting down on the resources needed to put a building together properly. If I were to do it, I could get a building up in ten minutes after the process got going. There is still a cost, both in mana and resources. It's a lot cheaper to just build the building.”
“How high of a cost are we talking?” Before Joe could answer, Mike held up a hand and continued, “Is the cost so high that it would be worth about a hundred people—who just lost everything—sleeping outside? My job is morale. Even that coffee you were looking so sour over a moment ago? The intentionally-insulting treatment is something familiar to a lot of people. The options they get to choose from? Those make them feel less powerless in a place they just found out they can’t leave. I’m telling you that if it will help the people relying on us, I’ll happily foot the bill.”
Joe’s opinion of the man in front of him just soared. “Ex-military?”
“Lieutenant-Colonel, retired.” Mike showed him a real smile and pushed his glasses up his nose. “But you never really retire.”
“Huh.” Joe rubbed the back of his bald head. “It’s good to see that there are some people in upper management thinking about the low-level people. Alright, Sir, first thing I’m gonna need is a blueprint of whatever building you want made. I need it to be perfect because whatever is on that blueprint is what is being built.”
“I’ll make it happen, and don’t call me ‘Sir’, that life is over.” Mike smiled and shook Joe’s hand again.
“You never really retire though, do you?” Joe grinned back at the expression on Mike’s face as he repeated the words Mike had used. “Plus, this makes it really easy for me to get back at you for tainting my morning coffee run.”
Mike growled a deep, meaningful growl that only people with military experience can make, and Joe laughed at him. “Alright, Sir, I’m going to be occupied over at the mess hall for the next two hours. Don’t let people interrupt me. Just have ‘em leave the blueprints in front of me.”
“Hmm. Mess hall, indeed. It’s a double row of picnic tables, and you abyss-well know it.” Mike nodded at him and marched off. Now that Joe knew what to look for, the military bearing was plain. Joe turned and went over to the wooden tables, having decided to work on his puzzle cube. Since Joe had three of the four stats in the second tier, it took an hour and forty-five minutes for a notification to appear. Still, that was better than the seven hours it should have taken.
Characteristic point training completed! +1 to intelligence, wisdom, perception, and dexterity! These stats cannot be increased further by any means other than system rewards, study, or practice for twenty-four hours game time.
Joe blinked away the question that the puzzle cube had given him today: ‘Why do we have emotions?’. He had been caught in an odd loop there. Was the cube saying that it had emotions? He assumed that it was talking about humans, but this thing had some really non-standard questions on it, so he couldn’t discount the possibility that it was using him to justify its existence. Still, the training had paid off.
In front of Joe—actually tucked under his left elbow—was a small stack of papers. Blueprints. Excellent. Joe picked up the first one, took a look, and set it aside. He was going to be building a few of the larger housing complexes like a barracks or an apartment to maximize the housing efficiency first. Small, well-appointed houses could wait.
A pot of ink, a quill, some low-grade scroll paper, and Joe’s ritual reference book all appeared on the table in front of him. Joe smiled as he pulled the items directly from his Codpiece of Holding to his hand without needing to make a seemingly obscene action. He already had people looking at him strangely on the regular, no need for them to think that he kept a pot of ink and a quill in his undies.
“Step one, surround a copy of the magical blueprint with the Architect's Fury ritual.” Joe placed his scroll of paper under the blueprint after putting a thin layer of the darkest shadow he could make over the lines on the ritual template he had already drawn up. Then he used the quill to deftly make a tracing of the dark lines, finishing within about half an hour. He dropped the quill into the inkwell and sat back to let the paper dry. “Ugh, that’s so much easier than making all of this from scratch. Or, wait, I’m not actually sure. Easier than coming up with the design, at least.”
Skill increase: Drawing (Novice VI). Go you, dirty tracer.
“Looks like even the drawing skill is as picky about real art as artists are.” Joe snorted at the notification, deciding it was time to get back to work. “This is going to be a tier-one building, but with this great of a blueprint and if I add on a second spell circle, I should be able to get this to be at least a Common-ranked building.”
After working out the spell circle on a separate piece of paper and validating it thanks to his Occultist bonus, he started the process of infusing the ritual with mana and linking the blueprint. This was always the most delicate part, but he had faith in his success even though this was a student-ranked diagram. His copy of the blueprint appeared in the ritual circle and seemed to struggle to escape. As the mana-infused ink dried on to the paper, the entire thing shuddered slightly once more… but stabilized. Whew!
It was already lunchtime, and Joe had only been able to create a single ritual diagram to create a single building. Actually, now that he thought about it, that wasn’t a terrible amount of time to make something that would become a permanent fixture. He smacked himself in the face when he remembered that there was a bonus to creation speed he could have gotten from the ritual room of the Pathfinder’s Hall, but instead of falling into despair, he sighed and decided lunch needed to come before his mood. Actually, his mood was likely being affected by hunger and thirst.
“Cleanse.” Joe watched as his mana appeared on his fingers and turned into water. That water found a vein on his arm and poured in, hydrating him better than an IV could have ever hoped to do. “Food next.”
After getting a quick bite to eat, Joe decided to do the calculations for the building before seeking out Mike again. He was muttering aloud without realizing it, “Reducing the cost by a flat fifty percent, down another twenty-three percent from the ritual magic skill… Coalescence, so another twenty-one percent… looks like this is going to come out to about seven hundred mana for initial investment, then fifty mana per second for about thirty seconds. I have… ugh… nine seventy-six.”
“That means I’ll need at least one other mage on this with me. More if I want to keep my Mage Armor active. I wonder if… heh… let’s see if we have a magic Mike.”
Chapter Four
“You want me to participate in making the building?” Mike didn’t even look up from the forms he was signing rapid-fire, getting through a massive stack of documents in only a few minutes. “Why?”
“Multiple reasons, one of which is to allow people to see one of their top guys going out to help them directly. It’s a public relations win, a morale booster, you know it would be.” Joe smiled winningly, but Mike just waved his hand for the next reason. “Alright, the other reason I want this so much is so that you realize exactly what’s going on when I pull magic out of my butt and create a building. It’s really cool but very draining. I can't do it constantly, and I want you to see why I won’t do this sort of thing all the time. Also, here is a list of extra components I need beyond the building materials. Also, what are the… contribution points I’ll get for this?”
“Two thousand, the same amount that will be given to a logistics group that supplies raids on dungeons in the near future. We can negotiate future rates after this first building goes up.“ Mike took the list, looked it over, and looked up at Joe with raised brows. “Why do you need some of these things? Termite spoor… for instance?”
“That’ll do for the time being. Now, the odd items on the list. Lots of reasons, but that one specifically because this area has a huge termite problem, and this will automatically add anti-infestation protections to the building. The rest of it is the cost of building a Common-ranked barracks in a day from the ground up. Also, I added in extra room to each building so that they can be upgraded if we ever find better designs for them.”
Mike looked over the list once more, signed it into a requisition order, and handed it to one of his aides. “How important is it that I participate?”
“You join in, or I won’t.” Joe’s smile showed teeth.
Mike nodded slowly, his eyes narrowing a fraction. “I see. Let’s make it happen. Where should we deliver all these… goods?”
“Wherever you want the building.” Joe paused and raised a hand to his chin. “Also, it might be better to do this on a spot already cleared and prepared. The mana cost especially will jump if we need to tear up the ground and knock over trees. Having a foundation in place would be best, but it won’t work for my modified plans. In the future, we can work that out ahead of time.”
“Alright, when are we doing this?”
“As soon as you can get all the supplies in place.” Joe turned toward the door. “Everything else is already built into this ritual blueprint. All we need to do is power and activate it.”
“Is it reusable?” Mike leaned forward interestedly.
“No. Since I made the ritual by using a blueprint instead of scanning an already-built structure, we only get to use it once, then I have to make the whole thing again. Also, word of warning: anyone else activating it would need to pay the full cost of all materials and mana.” Joe smiled at Mike and opened the door. “Let me know when you are ready for me. I’ll be working on my skills over at the training grounds.”
Joe went over to the mid-range spell practice area and worked to familiarize himself with his newest powers. Effortless Shaping, contrary to its name, required an exact picture in mind when working to make something out of darkness. It was intense mental work but was such an insignificant drain on mana that Joe had to assume that was where the ‘effortless’ portion of the skill name came from. Beyond that, getting details too close to each other tended to make them blend, which could really only be fixed by gaining skill levels. Sadly, the lack of needed mana was quickly made up for when Joe solidified the shadows into… anything.
He could invest ten points of mana per skill level and had found that larger amounts of mana would let him do more damage or stabilize the structure for longer periods of time. Right now, shadows would ‘bleed’ and slowly vanish when they were exposed to bright light. Joe had found this out when he was running mana through a ritual and one of the lines snapped. If he had been doing anything important with it, he would have been in a lot of trouble. Joe had gotten very lucky in the past, especially during the war when his basic enchanting ritual was stuffed under a tent. That could have gone very badly.
So, training. Perfecting his shadowy shapes and holding them under the sun to find ways to make them last longer and hold more detail was the only thing he could think to do for training himself in this regard. Also, solidifying the shadows required him to pour mana into the shape, and he wanted to be able to do that faster. Over the course of a few hours—and thanks to the boost from proximity to the Pathfinder’s Hall—he gained a few skill levels.
Skill increase: Effortless (Darkness) Shaping (Apprentice VII). Boo! Did I scare you?
Skill increase: Solidified Shadows. (Apprentice VII). You looked scared.
Skill increase: Cleanse (Apprentice VII). Strange that you increased three skills and they all became the same rank and level. +1 Luck.
“Alright. I’ll take it.” Multiple hours of hydrating people around him upon request had also paid off, it seemed. Joe looked at the shadow skills almost greedily. They were the only Legendary and Mythical skills he had, and he couldn’t wait to see what kind of bonuses he would gain from them as they ranked up.
“Joe, ready to get this over with?” Mike came trotting up, a few of his aides in tow. “Let’s get some people housed before darkness sets in. Whoa, what happened here?”
The ground was torn up all over the place, and a few of the targets had brutal scarring on them. Joe looked at his handiwork and winced; he hadn’t been thinking about what others would see when they watched his spells going off or what they would think when they saw the torn-up landscape.
“Miss a lot, don’t ya?” Mike commented dryly as he took a look around. He smirked and started walking away, Joe following after with a bright red face. “I can see why you wanted to practice.”
“No, I don’t miss a lot. I was trying new spell effects!” Joe’s defensiveness caused the small group to snicker, and he realized that he was being intentionally baited. “Laugh it up, big guy.”
Mike’s lips twitched, but Joe couldn’t see it happening. By the time they got to a cleared lot, he had his face under control once again. “Here we are. All of the normal material needed for building this barracks are over here, and here are the items you… requested.”
“Great!” Joe grabbed the bag, looking through it and inspecting the quality of each of the items in it. “Alright… good. Yeah, we should be all set. Let me place this… how do you want the building oriented?”
“Lengthwise, like this,” one of the aides spoke up, gesturing with his hands, “with the doors placed here and here.”
“Right.” Joe took a deep breath at the order that was inconsistent with the blueprint they had already agreed upon. He took another, just so that he didn’t say anything he would regret. “Hey, Mike, interesting issue here. You wanted the doors shifted around? To be different than what was on the blueprint?”
“It was more of a last-minute judgment call.” The aide waved his hands flippantly. “It isn’t that important… if you can’t do it.”
“Good, because it isn’t happening,” Joe responded bluntly, shocking the aide into red-faced anger. “I told you, Mike, whatever is on the blueprint is what is made. There are no alterations that I can make right now unless you want to wait until tomorrow. I would need to make this ritual diagram from scratch, from blueprints that are correct, and that took me… oh, about five-ish hours today?”
“As he mentioned, it wasn’t that important.” Mike stared at the now-wilting aide. “Frankly, I’m not sure why it came up.”
“Because you are trying to test me, Mike.” Joe sighed and cracked his neck. “Stupid power games and attempts to mess with me to see how far you can push me. Standard military fare, and it doesn’t bother me much. But… it does bother me a little. Add on twenty-five percent to the contribution points we agreed on, or I’m out. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.”
The group around him went quiet at the direct challenge to Mike. The man in question sighed and nodded. “You drive a hard bargain, Joe.”
“It’s okay, Mike. You could triple what I’m earning. The currency is worthless right now.” Joe didn’t break eye contact.
“So was bitcoin a decade ago,” Mike grumbled halfheartedly. “You got it, Joe. My bad. Look, it’s just something pretty deeply ingrained in me.”
“I’ve had my fill of military, Mike. As much as I respect all the people in it, my time there is done, and I’m very happy with that arrangement.” Joe looked at the aides and made a motion at the edges of the property. “Can someone grab a stick and rough out where the building should be going? Gonna have to destroy it by hand if we get it wrong, and I don’t know if a lot of people will be on board for that.”
When all the preparations were complete and a drop of blood from both of them had been added to the silver focus chalice, Joe looked over at Mike and smiled darkly. “Ready? Here we go!”
With those words, the Rituarchitect poured mana into the ritual blueprint he had created, and a holographic double ring expanded away from the men and eclipsed the entire lot. “In structuram, pulchra placent?”
The two men running the ritual were lifted off their feet as wood, nails, and pipes began flying toward them and assembling themselves into barracks form. The ritual turned sideways, and as it passed over the area… it acted like a printer that left behind completed buildings. A massive three-D printer! Mike got a beautiful view of the entire process, and really seemed to be enjoying himself. Then Joe got down to twenty percent of his mana, and the draw switched over to the Vice Guild leader..
“Son of a…!” Mike exclaimed in sudden shock. Joe chuckled; his body was literally designed to move around massive flows of power like this, but he didn’t need to let other people know that. Let them think that he got mana-sick like they did, and his work would be even more respected. Also less requested, if he made the person bothering him participate.
The ritual drained Mike down to ten mana before switching back to Joe. The Rituarchitect had been able to regenerate two-hundred and eighty mana over the intervening fourteen seconds. That, coupled with the almost two-hundred mana he had remaining from the first round, afforded him another ten seconds of mana input before it switched back to Mike. The man lasted three seconds, then the drain was back to Joe, but luckily, the ritual only lasted another second before finishing. Then the diagram burst into intense, blue flames and vanished.
They settled on the ground, both heaving great gulps of air and staring at the bright sky. Within a few moments, they were able to sit up and look at the building they had just erected. Mike was the first to speak, “It looks excellent. I… can see why you would attach a high price for your work, though.”
“I’d get a carpenter to look at it, but it should be perfectly safe for people to sleep in there tonight,” Joe informed the Vice-Guild leader.
No Class experience gained for buildings Common-ranked or below!
“Good show.” Mike looked at the building once more. He squinted and pointed up. “No shingles on the roof?”
“Well, Mike,” Joe stood up, brushed off his Robe of Liquid Darkness, and shrugged, “no shingles on the blueprint.”
Chapter Five
“We’re back, Joe!” Alexis ran over to Joe as he was leaving breakfast. Joe’s bad mood over being interrupted halfway through his daily characteristic score training vanished like fog on a sunny day.
“Alexis!” Joe opened his arms, and his teammate gave him a hug. “It’s so good to see you. How was your trip?”
“Pretty great!” Alexis smiled even as her eyes went flat. “We were able to improve our skills a lot, gain some good experience, and even prevent a few war crimes from occurring.”
“War crimes…?” Joe almost didn’t want to know. “As in?”
“The Wolfmen are sentient or close enough to it that slaughtering innocents is a really bad thing,” she quietly informed him, even as she pulled him along to see the others in the party. “Thanks to Bard keeping people calm and Poppy stabbing a few of the most vicious people in the face, we stopped… a lot of things that shouldn't have even been considered.”
“That’s good. I’m proud of you guys,” Joe told the three as the other two came into view. “When you went off to finish off that race, I was really worried that you would do some things you might eventually regret. I’m glad to be proven wrong.”
“Ah, no’ wi’ ma pretty lass keepin’ us in line!” Bard called over, causing Alexis to simultaneously roll her eyes and blush. “It’s good ta see ya, Joe.”
“Even better to be seen!” Joe smirked at the trio. “Hi, Poppy!”
“Ah, our fearless leader!” Poppy swept off his oversized, feathered hat and sketched a bow. “How it warms my heart to be in your presence once more!”
“Right.” Joe snorted and slapped the man on the shoulder. “All we need now is Jaxon, and we’ll be back to full strength!”
“I’d like to contend that we are at full strength whenever I am here.” Poppy sniffed at the air haughtily. “I’d also–”
Joe splashed the duelist in the face with a Cleanse spell and then decided to make the most of it when he realized that the three of them actually stunk pretty badly. Water spun out from Joe and washed over the three, cleaning them and their clothes at the same time. “There we go. You guys should be losing that debuff right about… now. Much better!”
Poppy spat to the side. “Hey, thanks, but a bit of warning, yeah? That black water is cold.”
“Any plans for the day?” Joe looked around at the others and got shrugs in response. “Actually, weren’t you all supposed to be gone for a few more days?”
“Ah. Yeah, but when no one could log out, food started vanishing way faster than we had plotted for. Not only that,” Alexis took a swig of water from her canteen, “morale was pretty low at that point. We figured ‘good enough’ and got moving back here.”
“Oh, well, good.” Joe smiled around, but his happy look slowly faded. “I, unfortunately, seem to have been nerfed during our time apart.”
“Wha’ d’ya mean?” Bard questioned with a furrowed brow. “Ya doin’ alright?”
“Yeah, but I lost my direct connection to my deity.” Joe sighed softly. “Gonna need to do a lot of work to restore him, and I really need to test out my current combat ability.”
“We caught a quest about cleaning out some caverns nearby that might connect to a deeper level of those mines we collapsed,” Poppy offered quickly. “It looked fun, what with the total lack of information available and a dark, cramped space.”
“Sounds just about perfect. You all okay to get going?” Joe looked around, and everyone nodded eagerly. He really hoped that they were eager to fight and get back together, not to see how weak he was. They started walking toward the gates, and Joe was just about to ask a question when he saw someone familiar.
“Jaxon! There you are!” Joe called happily. He had been the most concerned about Jaxon; the man had a tendency to break people accidentally or start fights accidentally or get warrants for his arrest accidentally… Joe had been worried. “Everyone just got back a short while ago. I was hoping that we could get up to date on our adventures. What do you think?”
“Excuse me, get out of the way.” A pompous man Joe recognized from the late-night meeting a few days ago seemed to be nearly hyperventilating over Joe interrupting him, his fists clenched and pale as he continued shouting at Jaxon, “We told you what would happen if you came back, and you are–”
Joe stepped closer to Jaxon, still chatting happily to bait the youth into doing something stupid. The young leader seemed absolutely shocked that Joe had done so and decided to play right into Joe’s hands. “Are you not in the Guild? I said, get out of the way!”
“Right, that’s enough. I’m Joe. Who are you?” Joe turned to the other man and subtly pulled in shadows at strategic locations on his body. This combined with leaking his mana had the interesting effect of creating a seemingly powerful aura of magic that stifled those around him, and adding a point or three of mana to slightly solidify the shadows created an actual physical pressure that made it hard to breathe.
“I…I’m–”
“I don’t actually care. Leave us alone.” Joe turned back to Jaxon, suddenly all smiles again. “Jaxon, what happened to you? What are you wearing?”
“Oh, it’s been an interesting few days!” Jaxon cheerfully stated, giving Joe an unwanted hug that left a thin film of blood and sweat behind. The bald man gave a weak smile, trying not to gag as he cast Cleanse on Jaxon and himself. A disk of water traveled up and down their bodies, followed by the woman with Jaxon as an afterthought. “Ah, I’ve missed your tricks. Oh! Before I go too far, I need to feed my hands a treat. Been too busy the last few days to really do so.”
“Feed yer… hands?” Bard smiled uncomfortably. “Ah feel like ya have an interesting story fer me ta tell.”
“One… moment.” Jaxon ignored the others, including the pompous man’s group who was still standing awkwardly near them. A box appeared in Jaxon’s hands from which he pulled a brick of… meat? With a strange distortion, Jaxon’s hands shifted into lizard-like heads and began tearing into the meat.
The people in the area all shouted, flinched, or took a step backward with two notable exceptions. The woman with Jaxon, as she appeared used to this, and Joe, who took a step closer with wonder filling his eyes. As the hands finished their snack, Jaxon held them aloft so they could roar their joy into the sky.
“Are those…?”
“T-Rex Head Hands,” Jaxon cheerfully stated, pulling the now-placid creatures closer to his body. “They are a skill called Living Weapons.”
“T-Rex Head Hands.” Joe’s eyes were burning with excitement, and as the other group took the chance to escape the situation, Joe wanted nothing more than to grab the miniature beasts and study them. “Long name. If they always come out together, could we call them something else?”
Jaxon smiled happily. Now here was a man who appreciated the finer things in life. “Sure, Joe. What did you have in mind?”
“How about ‘Rexus’?”
“Interesting. Rexus.” Jaxon rolled the word around in his mouth for a moment. “Rex, as in King, which is where T-rex comes from in the first place. Rexus as a whole, though… that means ‘a mature, self-possessed, and responsible nature’. Absolutely perfect, Joe. That describes me perfectly.”
“Glad to hear it, man!” Joe studied the head-hands intently until they shifted back into regular hands. “Oh, that might have been the coolest skill I’ve seen the entire time I’ve been here! I want some!”
“We can talk about it later. We’re in a cornfield,” Jaxon stated with a cautious smile. When there was no reaction, he snorted and looked around. “Ears everywhere? Come on, that expression can’t be that outdated.”
“Oh, yes it can, Jaxon.” The woman standing next to Jaxon chimed in with a sigh. “Hi, everyone. I’m Jess since I highly doubt Jaxon was going to introduce me. He forgot I was traveling with him a few times over the last week.”
“I’ve missed you, Jaxon.” Poppy snickered, reaching out a hand to the lady. “Very nice to meet you, Jess. I’m Poppy, the leader of this team.”
Alexis slapped his hand out of the air as Jess reached out. “He most certainly is not. Joe here is team leader. I’m Alexis, the second-in-command.”
“Hi there! I feel like I’ve heard enough about you that we will be able to skip all the awkwardness!” Jess exclaimed happily.
Her smile cracked when Jaxon spoke up, “From who? I don’t think I’ve talked about them to you at all.”
The low-charisma Chiropractor waited impatiently for a response. “Was it those PvP assassins you used to hang out with? They don’t seem like the sort of people to give happy information very often.”
“Jaxon… I was going to make a joke where I said, ‘not really, Jaxon is insane and can’t hold a real conversation’, but you are just the worst!” Jess turned and tried to stab Jaxon with an extra-shiny dagger that had appeared in her hand.
The man dodged easily and smiled. “Thank you, Jess! I was wondering how you planned to keep me battle ready while we were in a safe area, but I should have known you had something planned!”
Joe watched them go back-and-forth a few more times, but then he stepped in. “Alright, well, we’re going to go attack a subterranean quest area right now. You interested in coming along?”
“I’d love to, but I am currently starving and dehydrated. Near death actually,” Jaxon replied matter-of-factly. “I could really go for a–”
Joe had already set up an IV using Cleanse, and the lines on Jaxon’s face started to ease. Guessing that Jess was likely in a similar situation, Joe set a spell on her as well. Now used to Joe's abilities thanks to the ‘nice to meet you, have a cold shower’, she dodged the spell and slashed the water out of the air, then glared at Joe with dangerous eyes. “Oh, shoot, I’m sorry. It’s a buff that gets you hydrated. I’m a healer. Sometimes I forget that not everyone knows who I am.”
“Got it,” Jess slowly spoke the words, then watched Jaxon for a moment as more and more water flowed into him. When his face didn’t change away from cheerful and he didn’t attack the healer, she nodded at Joe. “Alright, that could really be helpful if you wouldn’t mind.”
“Not at all.” Water wrapped up her arm in an instant and began flowing into her veins. She relaxed as the subtle debuffs began vanishing. “Let’s get you guys some food, and then would you like to join us, Jaxon?”
“But of course!” Jaxon smiled and started walking toward the dining area. “Also, Jess here would like to join us as a strategist. Crawling through dark places seems to be what she is interested in.”
Jess had an aggrieved expression on her face, and she ran her hands through her hair before blowing out a breath. “Yeah. That wasn’t the introduction that I had been hoping for, but it’ll have to do… I’m Jess. I’m an aspiring strategist and team logistics manager. I’m here hoping for a job and a guild invite.”
“You spent the last week with Jaxon?” Alexis narrowed her eyes at the woman. “How many times did you try to kill him?”
Jess looked stricken. “I… being honest… about six?”
“Not even once a day?” Alexis clapped and smiled. “She has really good self-control, Joe! I say we take her!”
Joe looked at Jess in a new light, a few cogs in his brain settling into place. “Alright, Jess. We don’t have a position on the squad per se, but I think that we could find a great use for your talents. I don’t know what class you have, but if you want a different one, one more specialized for what you really want to do… have you heard of the Pathfinder’s Hall?”
Jess looked up at the black, egg-shaped building that Joe was gesturing at. “What is that used for?”
Joe just smiled at her.
Chapter Six
After a trip to get rid of the near-starvation debuffs the two had returned with, Joe took Jess through the Pathfinder’s Hall and found her a class more suited to her liking. The guild clerks running the place had insisted that they pay the fee for a non-guild member using the building’s services, which had exasperated Joe to no end. He owned this place!
He calmed down after he realized that they were being more than fair. After all, it was Joe who had worked with the guild to find a good middle ground between ownership and management. Jess went into one of the stalls and came out a handful of minutes later, her face set and contemplative. The Pathfinder’s Hall didn’t give you a class, it only showed the way along paths that had already been tread by someone else. From the look on Jess’s face, the path she had chosen required hard work but was manageable.
“We’ll get you all set up with the guild after we’ve been able to work together for a while. Sound good?” Joe’s question was mostly rhetorical, as he had no intention of bringing her in without testing her capabilities himself.
“It does.” Jess sighed and ran her hand through her hair with a flick of her wrist. “Not being able to log out has definitely changed my reasons for doing what I’m doing, but it doesn’t change the fact that I need to want to be doing what I do. Does that make sense?”
“If I think about it a little, yes. At face value, it seems all over the place,” Joe bluntly replied, getting a grin from her.
“Oh, have you seen the news?” Jess met Joe’s eyes with a dark look. “Looks like we aren’t here because of a glitch or anything like that. This is a new reality, apparently. Somewhere in this place, President Musk is hanging out and walking among us. Showed it on live television.”
Joe’s steps faltered. “So… now we have proof that the beings in here aren’t digital constructs? They are for sure… real?”
“What is real?” Jess flippantly turned the question back on him. “I guess it’s best to treat everything like an actual living being, if that’s what you are asking.”
Joe nodded as they walked along, deep in thought. They found the rest of the team waiting for them, and Jess waved and headed off to find a place to get some sleep. Without needing to tell the others, the group got moving along the path. “Hey, someone want to actually share the quest with me?”
“Oh! Me as well, thank you!” Jaxon chimed in.
Quest gained: Salty Sensations. The Wanderer’s Guild has been surveying the area in an attempt to find natural resources to exploit. One of these locations is a salt mine that may connect to a previously demolished ore mine. Search the area, defeat any creatures inhabiting the salt mine. Bonus objective: Find a way to access the ore mine from the salt mine. Reward: Based upon work completed. Failure: This quest is failed if abandoned or completed by another group first.
“Got it, thanks!” Joe called over to Poppy, who removed his hat with a flourish and bowed. “Shall we get going? Anyone need anything before we go?”
“You planning to go out and about with only what you’re wearing right now?” Alexis looked critically at what Joe had equipped. Of course, she could only see his robe and staff, but that highlighted a point that Joe had been avoiding for quite a while. He was very under-equipped. In fact, he took a look at what he was wearing in his status screen to see the effects of the gear he had on.
Robe of Liquid Darkness (Rare). Wearing this robe makes you look a bit wet but increases the power of dark affinity magic by 10%.
Shoes and Socks. Reduces the penalty for walking over sharp objects, also keeps feet dry for up to three hours from standard wear.
Mystic Theurge Staff (Ironwood) (Special: Dual Class). Mystic Theurges place no boundaries on their magical abilities and find no irreconcilable paradox in devotion to the arcane as well as the divine. This staff helps to unite their power. Effect: Adds 10-20 blunt damage on strike. -12% cast time when casting either Cleric or Mage spells. Halves penalty for using cross-class (Mage or Cleric) skills. Note: This is a two-handed item, and only one spell may be cast at a time using it.
Spatial Codpiece (Legendary). This functional piece of armor also serves a greater purpose; it is able to store thirty cubic meters worth of items. Goods must come within two inches of the armor to be stored but can be retrieved directly on to the body or into the hand as long as the codpiece is touching your skin. Adds 5 points to overall armor class and prevents blows from damaging your genitals entirely. Let’s just say your junk is safely stored.
Joe loved the descriptions of his useful items, but… yeah. He had equipment slots for underwear, shirts, pants, belts, robes, shoes, and socks. On top of the regular clothing, he could have armor, and he had dozens of possibilities for accessories even if he wouldn’t use some of them such as nose piercings. When he looked at his current choices critically… he was grossly underdressed and frankly kinda gross. Going commando wasn’t supposed to be a valid option, but he had been able to heal any chafing easily.
No! He couldn’t think of the convenience of his mostly-nude self. Wait… he had been lifted into the air a lot recently… shake the thought off, shake it off! There had to be gear out there that could get his abilities boosted or protect him better than he could manage currently. Joe pulled a nasty expression and mumbled, “I’ll gear up when we get back, alright?”
“Hmm.” Alexis narrowed her eyes further, then stuck her tongue out at him. “Fine, but if you need help shopping–”
“We can go together!” Jaxon clapped his hands in delight, and Poppy snapped his mouth closed right before he offered to show Joe around the city’s shopping area. “It’ll be fun! The warrant for my arrest just timed out, so we can go have a great time!”
“Yeah, you can go with Jaxon.” Alexis heartlessly laughed. There were chuckles all around, except for an excited squeal from Jaxon. They chatted for a bit as they traveled through what was left of the woods and felt nice and caught up after only the forty-minute walk to the quest location.
“Is it jus’ me, or do tha’ look like jus’ a hole in ta ground?” Bard pointed at the entrance to the salt mine, which was certainly just a fissure in an otherwise rocky area. “Ah feel tha’ Poppy should go first!”
“Wait, what, why?” Poppy whirled around with the question on his lips so quickly that he nearly lost his hat.
“Ya know, ta poker ya got.” Bard mimicked stabbing straight forward. “No wind-up needed, ya get me?”
Poppy tried to argue, but the words kept failing to come out of his mouth. “Fine, you actually made sense. Lazy raggamuffin. Scoundrel.”
Joe had been about to offer going first when he remembered that he was much more on par with a standard mage these days. With that thought in mind, he dumped nine hundred points of mana into his Exquisite Shell. Breathing heavily, he looked at his mana bar as it slowly refilled and stopped at eight-eighty-six, ninety points having been reserved for the upkeep of his protection. “Ugh. Man, that hurts the ego.”
The group walked single-file into the darkness, the route worn down from use over time, though the footprints they left in the dust were showing that no one had been here for quite some time. Poppy cleared his throat, and the whole group went on high alert. “So, how do they know that this was a salt mine? It could have been anything, or nothing.”
“The Mayor, Sir Bearington,” Joe offered uncertainly. “He’s been here a long time, and I think he would know a bunch of the resources in the area even if he hadn’t been able to produce enough manpower to get at them.”
“Sounds about right to me,” Alexis offered. Then the group lapsed into silence once more as they got deep enough underground that it became hard to see. They pulled out various light sources, mostly torches; though Poppy activated a gem-like object on his hat that created a flashlight effect wherever his hat pointed.
“Look at tha’, ye’ another reason ya should be up front!” Bard proudly exclaimed, getting a dirty look from Poppy in return, though the flamboyant Duelist didn’t say anything in reply.
They walked for a few more minutes before the group all flinched at the same time, a sign that all of them had gotten a system message.
You have entered a level five natural dungeon, the final resting place of the Legends of the League. This is one of the saltiest known places that can be found in the seven worlds. Keep an eye out for the naturally-occurring resources as well as the protectors! This dungeon will only remain until it is cleared, after which point the area can be claimed for incorporation into a guild or business venture!
“Interesting,” Joe commented after reading through the entire message. “This place shouldn’t be all that challenging for us then. Oh, hey, I have a progress bar!”
“What? What does it say?” Alexis stepped closer as if she would be able to read the information herself.
“Just ‘zero out of question mark’ right now,” Joe responded after double checking. “I guess this is my dungeoneer title activating?”
“Not giving a ton of information though?” Alexis stepped away, following after the rest of the group as they continued. “If there isn’t a point in keeping the title, at least you know which one to remove when you earn a better one!”
Joe frowned. So far, he had never seen a title that had such little effect, and he resolved to keep an eye on it. As they walked, he gained his answer. Another progress bar appeared, showing an ‘area explored’ title. “Got a fresh one! Looks like we have explored two-point-three percent of this place already.”
“Now we’re talking!” Poppy called back. “Everything seems a little easier when you know for sure how much you have left to do.”
Then a third bar appeared, and Joe stared at it. No information appeared, and it stayed in place near the wall as they walked. “Odd, a new bar appeared, but I think it’s connected to the wall. Let’s take a look?”
They walked closer, but nothing about the wall seemed to explain the attached bar. Joe poked at the spot, and it exploded outward in a shower of salt. “Gah!”
“Ree-he-he-he!” A salty blade bounced off Joe’s Exquisite Shell, taking a few dozen points of its durability away due to what had most likely been a critical hit. There was a monster in front of Joe, something that looked like a centaur with blades where its human hands should be. It had the lower body of a horse, the torso of a man, but the head of a horse again. Also, as far as Joe could tell, it was entirely made of salt.
An arrow slammed into the creature’s chest, blowing a massive hole through the beast. It didn’t seem to care and swung again at Joe just as Jaxon lashed out and obliterated the top half of its body. Jaxon looked at his fist with a snarling expression, then shook it to clear off the accumulated salt. “Nasty little things. Does a NaClydesdale mean anything to you guys? They’re only worth ten experience, just so you know.”
“I bet that any wound they give you is coated in salt,” Alexis commented, getting a nod from Jaxon as he shook out his hand. “Looks painful. Joe, wanna wash that off for him?”
“Sure thing.” Joe hadn’t even thought of that! This was just one more reason he wanted to give Alexis the reins of leadership. He would have to get her alone and talk about it. A quick Cleanse got rid of the salt, and Jaxon instantly looked relieved. “Looks like what I was seeing on the wall was that thing’s health bar.”
Alexis gave Joe a thumbs-up. “I didn’t see anything, so I think we found the usefulness of that little title. Looks like you’re the scout!”
Chapter Seven
*Pshhh*
The sound of a huge creature devolving into a pile of salt was more fun to hear than Joe would ever admit to the general populace. He would still tell them that it was fun, but he wanted to keep this level of enjoyment confined to himself and the people in the know. He looked around with a wide smile on his face, only finding a matching expression on Jaxon’s face. They high-fived and scooped the newly formed salt pile into a bag.
“Handy, tha’.” Bard nodded at the resource they were collecting. “Think a’ how many more people would be miners if tha’ were the norm for collectin’ ta goods!”
“No kidding!” Poppy agreed easily. “If I got to fight a metal contraption and it fell apart into bars of ore? I’d do that for sure! Fighting ability and nearly guaranteed profit?”
Jaxon licked his fingers with a grin. “Deadly and delicious! Excellent combination!”
“Like ‘Lexis here.” Bard drew a chuckle from the group as he pulled the Aromatic Artificer in for a kiss. When his words registered, Alexis punched him in the arm hard enough that he rubbed at the spot even while laughing.
Joe felt some salt raining on him, and he shouted even as he started to move, “From above!”
A pillar of salt crashed down where the group had stood only a few moments before, showering them in sharp particles even though they had avoided the main object. The group stood up, staring at the large cylinder in annoyance. Joe started to get closer, when his eyes widened and he fell back. “It has a health bar!”
The others scrambled further away as the edges of the pillar dropped to the sides like a discarded banana peel. They hit the ground hard enough to fall to chunks, and an enormous minotaur made entirely of salt took a step out of the object it had been entombed within. It bellowed at them; a dry, particle-laden shout. The sharp salt pinged off of Joe’s shielding, knocking off four points of durability.
Poppy was the first to react, his rapier twirling outward and punching a perfectly round but small hole in the creature’s side. “Bard, I think this guy is designed for you to hit!”
The axe-wielding man stomped forward and swung horizontally at the minotaur even as it sent a fist at Poppy. The axe hit and scored a deep line, even breaking apart the arm in multiple places. An arrow struck one of the fissures, breaking off the arm entirely and causing the minotaur to stumble. Jaxon took that chance to slam a fist into the off-balance monster’s knee, taking it down to the ground. As it landed, cracks ran along the entirety of the salty creature, and a follow-up punch caused the entire thing to break apart into coarse salt.
“Why was that so easy?” Joe wondered out loud as he walked over to help with the salt collection. “That seemed like it should have been one of the stronger monsters in the entire cave.”
“Look at your combat logs, Joe,” Poppy called out. “Pretty obvious when you look at it objectively.”
Joe pulled open the screen and took a look.
Exp: 18 (Saltataur x1)
“Oh, that was only worth eighteen experience?” Joe paused a moment and thought over that again. “If this is a level-five dungeon, that means we are really over leveled, then? I feel like that is actually a generous amount of experience.”
“I bet it is because they are ambush creatures,” Poppy offered before anyone else could react. “Since they should be harder to detect, as well as causing overly painful wounds, I bet the experience reward is balanced. We are a solid ten levels above them, right?”
Joe shrugged helplessly. “That must be it. Also, we have explored… twenty-three percent of this place. If we can clear it out, I say we claim it and get the guild to run it for us.”
“Works for me!” Jaxon poked at the fallen body before shaking his head. “No bones in these beasts. Ah well, I suppose that would have been too much to ask for.”
The group continued making their way through the dungeon, soon encountering small groups of the creatures they had fought until this point. There was one nerve-wracking moment at just about the seventy-five percent explored mark where seven pillars of salt rained down and released a small herd of Saltataurs, but having found that their weakness was simply blunt force trauma… well, that was enough for the group to easily dispatch the monsters.
The party continued onward, dedicated to clearing this place out on the first try. They got to the deepest passage of the cave system, finding that the naturally-pink walls were becoming ornamented and extravagantly carved. Joe consulted his progress meter and stopped the others, “Hey guys. I’m betting that we are closing in on the Boss of this dungeon, and I want to make sure we are all prepared to go in there. Anyone need food, water, or healing?”
Skill increased: Speech (Novice III). Sometimes asking the right questions matters.
“Feeling good over here, Joe!” Jaxon held his hands straight out in front of him and jogged in place, hitting his palms with his knees as he bounced. “Let’s go get em!”
The group walked around the last bend and came in sight of the dungeon… Bosses. Two people made entirely of salt were waiting for them. The first was a huge humanoid that—were he not made of pink salt—looked like he had just stepped out of a bodybuilder magazine. The other was a thin man that looked at them hungrily and licked his dry lips, revealing needle-sharp canines.
“Aus, it seems that we have visitors,” the thin man mentioned to the huge one.
“Indeed it does, Terry,” the giant replied happily. “I was just mentioning how bored I was yesterday!”
“Aus, we haven’t moved in over a decade,” Terry commented sharply. “Let’s just eat them and store the leftovers.”
“Salted meat…” Aus seemed to be trying to drool, but as he had no liquid in his body, this was difficult to do. It was the thought that counted.
“I think they are trying to intimidate us?” Alexis leaned toward the others, who shrugged nonchalantly. “Yeah, right there with you, guys. Let's collect our salt and get back to the guild.”
Aus glared at her, then charged across the room with a bellow of, “Meat!”
Alexis lifted her bow and fired just as the huge man twisted his charge and swung a blocky fist at Poppy, catching the Duelist off guard. The fist slammed into his face, sending the human to the floor as blood poured from multiple lacerations and a flattened nose.
“Poppy!” Joe called, watching the man bounce off the floor. Bard stepped in, his axes scoring deep lines on the salty arms of Aus. Joe tossed a Mend spell at Poppy, the water connecting and fixing the broken nose and fractured cheekbones. Still, the fighter didn't stir, and Joe realized that there must be an internal damage debuff.
The other Boss, Terry, jumped into the air and somehow morphed into a giant bat that swooped down at Jaxon. If Joe hadn't been convinced before that the man was a vampire, he was now. Jaxon crouched and deflected the attack, sending his elbow into what was normally a nerve cluster. The strike dealt damage, but as the Boss was entirely salt, there were no nerves to properly target.
Bard swung his axes again, but Aus clapped his hands and caught one of them between his palms while the other scored a deep line on his arm. Bard stumbled, his momentum thrown off by the unexpected maneuver. Aus took the opportunity to backhand the Skald, sending him flying with wounds on his face and neck that made falling into a grinder look pleasant. The huge salt-man was essentially a massive block of sandpaper, able to turn casual swipes into deep gouges.
Joe sent a globe of water at Bard, channeling mana into the spell to make it stay connected. This created a beautiful laminar flow between them—which was interrupted by Terry flying at Alexis through the unexpected obstacle and screaming. A red notification appeared in Joe’s vision, showing that it was important enough to pass through his notification settings.
Critical critical! Terry takes 4x damage! (2x from water, 2x from holy attribute) Damage dealt: 620!
“Holy moley!” Joe whispered as Terry tried to get up. The Boss monster was struggling mightily, but his body was melting. Alexis pointed her crossbow and launched a bolt that took his head. The salty vampire fell into a puddle of goop, defeated in an instant.
“No! Terry!” Aus turned and charged at Alexis, but Joe already understood his role in this play, targeting the giant salt man and pouring water into him. Instead of healing the giant, the water caused him to start melting, slowing him considerably. He didn't take four times damage, but three hundred and ten water damage a second was enough to bring him down after only a few moments.
Exp: 110 (Aus Salt and Bat Terry). You have defeated two area Bosses in one fell swoop! Too bad you out leveled them so badly, else you would have gotten a great reward! Still, you fought against painful wounds! Constitution +1.
Quest complete: Salty Sensations. The Legends of League mines have been opened for capture by a guild or business venture! Calculating reward… 100% cleared by group. Area level greatly exceeded. Reward: Common class item box. Exp gained: 200.
Not bad! All told, Joe had gained five hundred thirty-three experience during their time in the mines. He stopped himself from digging into his stat sheet too far, knowing that his team needed his help. First off, he went over to Poppy and cast a Cleanse on him, focusing on his head. Joe grimaced as his mana began to plummet, growing more concerned by the second. He had never seen a debuff this severe, where it took nearly seven hundred mana to cure.
Status ailment cured: Brain damage, bleeding brain.
Skill increased: Mend (Student III). Finding new ways for the main branch of healing to be used results in great rewards!
Skill increased: Cleanse (Apprentice IX). You are almost great at this! Keep it up!
Woof. That explained it; seemed that Poppy was almost on his way to respawn. Yikes. His mending skill had likely been added into the attempt at healing the damage, but as it was still considered a status ailment, he had been able to fix the damage even without the proper knowledge of how to do so. Lucky.
Poppy hopped to his feet and looked around, and once more, Joe was reminded that this was a game, no matter how much it was all of their reality. “Ugh, I got penalized real hard there for not even attempting to block. I cannot believe he got the jump on me like that! A perfect critical, and I just stood there and took it to the face.”
“Phrasing,” Alexis muttered, making Bard giggle. Joe winced; the rugged Skald giggling was not in line with his mental image of the rugged, Scottish guy. “No worries, Pops, we got them.”
“You had brain damage, just so you know,” Joe mentioned casually. “Everything okay up there now?”
Poppy paused and looked at his status sheet. “Yeah… all set.”
“Good.” Joe checked their statuses and looked at the now-empty salt mine. “Shall we head back to the guild, then?”
Chapter Eight
“Welcome back, team!” Jessamyn waved at the group as they walked into the… town. Population center was a better term, as only the Pathfinder’s Hall, Guild Hall, and buildings made after the explosion were currently standing. “I took the liberty of joining the guild using Joe’s ‘add one person to the guild no questions asked’ ability as a party leader!”
“Excuse me?” Joe stopped short, his face thunderous and becoming red. “How did you even…? You had no right to…!”
Jess hurried to explain her other activities, “Also, Joe! Yes! I managed to file all the missing paperwork that the guild had been waiting on! I hope you all don't mind, but I signed the tax forms for you and got all the fines for non-payment taken care of with the explanation of the war. So, all of you got all the backpay you had been waiting on, a nice bonus from an award ‘Joe’ recommended you all for, and have a few offered quests pulled up for you all to look at!”
Joe waited a moment, gauging the proper reaction to this situation, and stepped close to her. “Never use my authority in the future for something I don't actually agree to, and where would you like your pay and a very large starting bonus to go?”
“Sorry, I just–wait.” Jess smiled at him, and Joe allowed his expression to soften into a smile as well. “Nice. Well, you’ll never have to worry about standard paperwork again.”
“For that alone, your bonus is getting larger,” Joe promised as they all started walking again. “What do you have for us in the way of quests?”
“Oh, about that. Aten wanted you to come and meet with him? Like, now.” Jess pulled out a few other notes and carefully stacked one on top. “I’m pretty sure that he wants you to work on this one.”
Reading the quest, Joe shook his head and grunted. The guild was looking for a way to rebuild the town, but the trouble was that they were paying for the work with contribution points. “I’m betting that they aren’t getting many takers, are they? Alright, let's go see Aten. This should be a trip. Hey, team? If he tries to guilt us into doing work for free or reduced cost, what do we answer with?”
Alexis answered after a long moment of awkward silence, “I think the answer you're looking for is ‘no’? Are you trying to get us to chant or something?”
“Forget it. Why is everyone so against chanting?” Joe rolled his eyes and continued skipping along at a walking pace. When they got near the new guild building, Joe smirked as he saw a team of people on the roof adding shingles to the structure. “Should have put those on the blueprint. Heh.”
They walked to a large room people were running into and out of at speed. They entered with papers, left with papers, and all of them had a harried look on their face. Joe nearly got trampled twice, and only a timely intervention by Poppy kept him from being knocked over. When they finally got through the door, they all felt out of place in the organized chaos of the workspace. Mike, the Vice Guild Leader, was standing and orchestrating movement through the area. This was vastly different from a typical or conventional office, mainly due to things needing to be physical copies with a personal signature.
When Aten saw Joe, he called for a cessation of activities, and a line instantly began to form at the door. Aten waved them forward right away, near-panic on his face. “Conversation as short as possible! Huge, unfortunate issues. Ardania is getting swamped by new people joining the world, and there are already starting to be massive issues with any supply orders at all. Thanks to your advice on the matter, we had started buying up all the rare resources that we thought we would need, but I’m sorry to say that abyssal economist convinced our buyers to skimp, not really thinking that there would be supply issues for a long time.”
“Now we are missing a bunch of basic supplies?” Joe guessed, getting a nod in reply. “What are we looking at here? Food, building material?”
“Yes,” was the only answer. “We have all sorts of rare junk that people will need for advanced gear, but there aren’t enough basics to even sustain our own people for two weeks without rationing. So, I wanted to offer a quest to our biggest problem solvers.”
Aten made a gesture, and a notification appeared in front of Joe and his entire team.
Guild Quest offered: Feed the people! With the massive influx of travelers and even more on the way, there isn’t nearly enough to go around. Find a way to sustain a population of at least 10,000 people, and put it in place. Reward: Guild contribution points. Accept? Yes / No
“Nope.” Joe waved away the message and shook his head. “There is no way that I'm taking five people on a trip to who knows where looking for… what? Trade routes? Items? There isn't even a set… what would I be looking for? And contribution points as a reward? So, find a way to feed ten thousand people in return for something with no value? Or quantification? Why don’t we just find a way into the next area?”
“The next area is still locked off, and I have it on good authority that we will be far too weak for that place.” Aten’s words brought a vision of a Goblin swinging a club at him into Joe’s mind. “Frankly, Joe, we need to get this in place, and everyone else is still working out how to deal with their own issues. We need sustainable resources. Not everyone is taking being trapped here as well as you are. Do you really want our whole guild to starve to death over and over? Everyone is needed for their own tasks, and I think that this is something you are suited to doing.”
Joe was already shaking his head. “Nope. I’m calling bull on this. I also have a clause in our contract that lets me refuse to do something that I think is unfair, and you know it. That’s why we have this guilt trip going on. Make it worth our while, Aten. Give us details, a specific goal, and currency that matters. Otherwise, we’re just going to keep doing our own thing and rocking it. Grabbed a salt mine, by the way. One of those sustainable resource centers that the guild needs, and we’d be happy to hand it over to the guild for a cut of the proceeds.”
Aten narrowed his eyes. “I’ll double the contribution points for this quest, and I can give you two percent of whatever we get out of the salt mine. We need to supply all the people for the work, and we still need to make a profit.”
“Yes, to the salt mine, still no to the quest,” Joe returned instantly. “Double the points? Multiplying two by zero is still zero. It doesn’t even list how many points are offered, just ‘contribution points’.”
Aten rolled his eyes and seemed to be typing at thin air. “There. Ten thousand contribution points for the quest.”
“So, twenty thousand when you double the fictitious currency?” Joe innocently asked.
Aten ground his teeth and growled, “I suppose that is what it will come out to, yes.”
“Then still no, unless you have something that shows what the points are worth. Things that I could buy with them,” Joe demanded on behalf of his group.
“Are you sure you want to play it this way, Joe?” Aten narrowed his eyes.
“Tell you what, Aten.” Joe held his hands out to his sides. “I’ll give you twenty thousand ‘Joe points’ if you build me a mansion and fill it with beautiful artwork.”
Aten cocked his head and blinked. “What’s the ratio of Joe points to contribution points?”
“The same ratio as leprechauns to unicorn poop,” Joe returned serenely. “If you want work done, you need to offer something real in return. We all have our own game we want to play, Aten. Show me what these points are worth, and we’ll talk.”
“Alright, Joe. I guess it’s time to bring in the big guns.” Aten made a motion, and a small section of the room was unveiled. Joe paled and whirled on the guild leader.
“You brought my mother here?”
“Joe!” His mother stood up and shook her head. “I thought I raised you better than this. You have a chance to keep a lot of people from starving, and you should be jumping on the chance even if you won’t get anything worthwhile out of the guild!”
“Mom! I thought I was–” Joe tried to defend himself, but a hand in the air made him stop speaking right away.
“Let me finish.” His mom turned her glare on Aten. “Really? You used me visiting against my son? Are you trying to drive a wedge between us? Make him avoid me? I won’t stand for it. Joe, as your mother, I want you to find a way to feed the people. As a businesswoman, make sure that the reward you get upon return is worth it, or else you make sure to hold on to the means of production and sell the food at a reasonable price. Outfit the operation yourself, and talk to me if you need a place to sell in the Kingdom. In a week or so, I’ll be taking over Odds and Ends, and you can always sell through me.”
Aten looked aggrieved and rubbed weary eyes. Then he locked eyes with Joe and said, “Thirty thousand contribution points.”
“Thirty thousand upon completion, and Fifteen thousand points no matter what. I swear we’ll put plenty of effort into this, and we need to be compensated for that amount of time no matter what. Also. Outfit us for the trip, Aten.” Joe sighed and went over to give his mom a hug. “Give us two weeks’ worth of gear. I can't imagine that this’ll be a quick trip.”
“Deal.” Aten nodded his head, and the notification appeared in Joe’s vision again. This time, the quest was accepted.
Chapter Nine
“Alright, guys.” Joe and his team were sitting around a tiny table at the coffee shop, planning out their goals for the new quest. “What do we need to do to make this happen?”
Jess raised her hand, and Joe pointed at her. “Please don't do that. Just speak when you have something to say. High school is over.”
“Gotcha.” Jess grabbed a chunk of chalk from the table and started drawing on the wood. “There are more things to consider here than simply growing or importing food. There are the logistics of getting it here, having people to work with it, and places to store it if it isn't used right away. Here is what I think we need, in no particular order. Firstly, I think that it's important that we produce the food ourselves. If that means growing it, fine. If that means magical items, whatever, so long as they are able to make it happen long term.”
“With that in mind, we need to make buildings to store food before we are producing large quantities of it. We can start with a little production, to keep from starving, but this is something to keep in mind. Food rots fast, and as this is a game, I expect that there will be other issues to take into account.” Jess was making a long list, and the entire party was enraptured. “Warehouses, yes. Cold storage means good insulation on the building, which means high-quality materials used in the construction. Anyone know when winter is due in here? Is there winter?”
“Uh… I’ll look into it.” Poppy stood up and walked off at a brisk pace.
“Good.” Jess looked back at the list with a furrowed brow. “Roads. We need good roads between our buildings if we want to be able to transport stuff. Walls, to keep out thieves and protect our workers. Workers! That means a place for them to sleep. So, an apartment at the minimum. Some form of entertainment so they don't need to go too far, and–”
“Winter is a thing, and the edge of it is about a month out, I think.” Poppy popped back in with the information, making Bard jump and cuss softly at the scare.
“Good, perfect.” Jess took a deep breath and looked Joe directly in the eyes. “In that case, in my professional opinion, I think that you need to find a way to make a greenhouse.”
“Greenhouse,” Joe parroted. He was in shock from having a full plan laid out like this. “I… wow. I was going to go on a quest for a magical cornucopia or something.”
Jess shook her head. “This is far more likely to exist.”
“Fair enough.” Joe looked around. “All in favor of going searching for blueprints to a greenhouse?”
“Let’s do it,” Alexis put out into the group. Everyone else nodded, so Joe did so as well.
“Alright.” He looked at Jess. “You’ve really proven yourself. I'm gonna give you a task while we’re gone too, okay? Show that we can trust you when we aren't around, and we’ll make sure it's worth your while. All of this?”
Joe motioned at the charts and list she was still making. “Get all the material you need for these. I’m going to give you a token to claim land for me as well. Find what you think will be a good spot, and start hiring people. Get the foundations set up. Make roads to where buildings will be. Don’t worry about actually building. Just get everything else ready.”
Jess hesitated, then nodded. “We should also work out my salary…?”
“Find what’s fair, add twenty percent, and make it happen.” Joe grinned at her. “I’ll get you access to an account. Make sure to keep receipts. I highly doubt that we are done paying taxes just because we are in a new world. All that changed was who collects them.”
“It also lets you see what I buy,” Jess sweetly added.
“Yes,” Joe agreed bluntly.
“Consider it done, boss man.” Jess mock saluted and looked around. “Don’t forget to get geared up.”
“Knew I was forgetting something.” Joe blew a raspberry and stood up. “Alright, guys, I’m gonna pop over to the city for a shopping trip. Anyone want a ride?”
“Let’s do it,” Jaxon agreed winningly. Joe chuckled nervously. Everyone except Jess decided to go along, and the team walked into the temple and teleported into the main square of Ardania.
“Remember, Joe,” Alexis stated sternly, “you are here for getting gear, not for researching. We’ll do that too, just make sure that you get what you need for survival.”
“On it!” Joe promised with crossed fingers.
“I see that.” She glared. “If you die because you didn’t do this right, I’m gonna be so mad.”
Joe simply skipped off, headed for the market. He went for the Odds and Ends shop right away but also put Masterwork Metals on his list. As he walked into the first shop, he spied his mother and the current owner discussing stock over hot tea. He was confused for a moment as to how she had beat him here but remembered that she had access to the same transportation network that he did. “Hi there! I was hoping that I could get some help with upgrading my current gear?”
The owner looked at him and harrumphed. “Hello there, youngling! Here to run me out of business again? Tell everyone about outdated prices?”
“Nothing like that! Just the gear this time!” Joe responded to the curmudgeon as happily as possible.
“I see that you lost your little ‘keep me alive’ robe since I last saw you. Where did it get off to?” Her tone implied that she had better like the answer.
“I’m really sorry to say,” Joe had to hold in his frustration, “I lost it in an instant dungeon to the Boss. He… I died right after, so I'm uncertain as to what happened.”
“Hmmm. Not to be trusted with higher tier enchanted gear, huh?” the old woman muttered to herself.
“Nothing like that!” Joe shook his head vehemently.
“I’m pretty sure that I told you that all magical gear is alive, even if just barely, yes?” The ancient person stared at him with nearly mummified eyes. “The more powerfully made, the more alive it is. That building you made? I give it a year or two at the most until it is awake. What are you doing to protect that new, young mind?”
Joe thought about it and needed to make sure to choose his words carefully. “I am helping build a powerful Noble Guild around it. As we go forward, there will be powerful people and powerful protections in place. All of these will have a vested interest in keeping it strong and protected.”
“Hmm.” There was a pause. “I suppose that keeping you away from the good stuff will only weaken you in the long run and prevent you from keeping the building strong. I suppose that’s a good enough reason to sell to you. Come here, let’s find you something that suits you.”
