
*****************************************************
*****************************************************
Your ebook has decrypted.
The TXT file just save 20% of ebook content.
Please register the software, then get all contents and the valid ebook format.
*****************************************************
*****************************************************


    Secrets and Spellcraft
By
Michael G. Manning
Chapter 1
Will had never been to school, any school, so he wasn’t sure what he had expected.  It certainly wasn’t what he saw as the king’s carriage drove past the guard station at the college’s main entrance.  The gate nestled securely within a formidable wall that rose thirty feet in height.  He felt as though he was passing through a boundary into an entirely different world.
As they passed under the high arch and through the wall, he expected his view to be dominated by looming stones structures, but instead his eyes were greeted by green lawns with sculpted bushes and centuries old oaks shadowing a neatly cobblestoned lane.  In the distance there were numerous large buildings clustered together here and there, but there was no fortress as the wall had led him to expect.  Later on, he was forced to learn a new word to describe the wide layout of ancient buildings and landscaping:  campus.
And yet there was more, for the entire thing took up more than a thousand acres of land.  On every side—surrounding the academic buildings, the chancellor’s manse, the student dormitories, the masters’ dwellings—was a rolling landscape of trees and fountains, sculptures, and even a heavily wooded park.
It was an entirely different world, encapsulated by the great city of Cerria.  Bloody hell, thought Will, but even his inner voice was subdued with awe.  He felt as though he had passed through a congruence point, emerging onto a new plane of existence.  From the way Arrogan had once described the wizards of Wurthaven, Will had expected to find them in a grubby and poorly maintained single building.
The carriage proceeded to the center of the campus, where four tall buildings soared toward the heavens.  The road passed between two of them and then entered a lane that circled the interior courtyard between the four.  It stopped in front of one, where the driver indicated Will should get out.
“Thank you for the ride, sir,” said Will.
The driver tipped his hat and lifted the straps, urging his team to pull away.  Will was left standing alone.  He hoped that the building he stood before was the correct one, and plucking up his courage, he walked to it and tugged open one of the broad oaken doors.  Once inside, he discovered that the exterior was deceiving.  The first two floors were actually one floor with vaulted ceilings and two wide staircases on either side that led up to the higher levels.
There was a variety of people moving about, and as Will took in the scene, he couldn’t help but mutter, “Fucking hell.”  He had never been in such a building.  A man passing by him glanced oddly in his direction when he heard the words, then hurried on.
He wandered aimlessly for a few minutes, circling the wide, central space and reading the carved stone signs chiseled above the entrances on either side.  He stopped when he found the one labeled ‘Registrar’s Office,’ which was the one he had been told to look for.  Passing through another set of tall doors, he found himself facing a long desk with several men seated on the other side.  Two of them were talking with others that he assumed were students.  The third seemed to be free, so Will stepped up to greet him.  “Hello.”
The man glanced up and then returned to whatever he was reading.
Will thought that was rather rude, so he persisted.  “Hello, my name is William Cartwright.  I’m here to see the registrar.”
The fellow looked up, his eyes widening in faint surprise.  “I’m sorry.  Are you a friend of Lord Doster?”
He’d never heard the name before.  “I was told I need to see him to get settled for classes here.”
The man behind the desk frowned, then pointed at a small, wooden plaque in front of him.  It was labeled with the words, ‘Closed.  Next window please.’
Will nodded toward the next window.  “Is that Lord Doster, then?”
The clerk sighed.  “Temarah save me, are you an idiot?  Lord Doster doesn’t personally handle registrations.”
“I’m in the wrong place?”
“No, hayseed, this is the place.  This office handles student registrations.  Wait for the next open window and they’ll take care of you.  I’m on break.”
Will’s cheeks colored.  He stared to move on, but he didn’t leave without a parting shot.  “Asshole.”
The clerk stiffened, sitting up straight and a malicious light filled his eyes.  Pushing aside the ‘Closed’ plaque, he smiled.  “My break is now over.  How can I help you?”
Will repeated himself, “My name is William Cartwright.  I was told to register for classes here.”
“Have you been admitted to Wurthaven?”
Uncertain, Will answered, “Um, I’m not sure?  How does that work?”
The unnamed clerk smiled.  “I’ll check the list for your name.”  He got up and went to a massive ledger, where he casually leafed through the pages.  The man returned with an artificial smile.  “I didn’t see it.  You’ll have to go to the vice-chancellor’s office and see if you can be admitted.”
“Where’s that?”
The man pointed upward.  “Seventh floor.  You can’t miss it.”
Will left.  The stone stairs leading up were wide and well maintained, so it was only a matter of some effort to climb them.  Thankfully his time in the army had gotten him into excellent shape, so it was only a mild annoyance having to climb to the top floor.
Once there, he found it was much smaller than the lower floors, and a single hall led him to a well-appointed office.  A secretary waited behind a private desk when he entered.  “Do you have an appointment?” she asked, glancing at him over slender glasses.
“For what?”
“To see the vice-chancellor.”
“No, ma’am.  I was told to come here to be admitted.
A look of amusement flitted across the woman’s face.  “I’m afraid you’ve been misinformed.  We don’t do that here.  You need to visit the registrar’s office on the ground floor.”
He’d been had.  Will’s brows lowered like looming thunderclouds.  “The man down there told me I had to be admitted here.”  He started to leave.
The secretary took pity on him, however.  “Wait.”  He turned back, listening.  “While it’s true you can file for admission, it generally takes months.  Do you have a sponsor?”
Will thought for a moment.  Originally Lord Nerrow had offered to sponsor him, but King Lognion had said it was a bad idea, since it might eventually get to the ears of the Arenata family.  The king had offered an alternative.  “Yes, ma’am.  King Lognion.”
The secretary froze in place for a moment.  “Are you putting me on, young man?”
Will shrugged.  “No, ma’am.  Should I return and tell him I still need to be admitted?”  He was beginning to feel a bit of malicious pleasure.
She frowned, still unsure whether he was playing a prank or being serious, but she decided to err on the side of caution.  “One second.”  She disappeared through another door and returned a minute later.  Then she held the outer door for him. “Let me take you downstairs and see if we can sort this out.”
When they arrived at the registrar’s office, the secretary, whose name he had learned was Dorothy, walked completely around the long desk and consulted the massive ledger herself.  The unfriendly clerk who had turned Will away initially watched her anxiously.  Will gave the man a smile when their eyes met, and he saw an icy seed of fear settle in the man’s heart.  You’re so fucked, he thought.
Dorothy turned around, her cheeks having noticeably reddened.  “Which one of you sent this young man up to the vice-chancellor’s office?” she asked in a cold tone.
None of them answered, but Will pointed.  “I believe it was him.”
“Stanley,” hissed Dorothy.  The worried clerk started to rise but she waved him away, then marched through another door.  Will’s sharp ears picked up the shrill tones of her voice as she made her complaints to Lord Doster, the registrar, personally.  He was also delighted to hear her mention ‘that idiot Stanley’ in one sentence.
She emerged a few minutes later, her stride brisk and her expression cold, ignoring Stanley’s apologetic looks as she left.  Stopping beside Will, she told him, “If you need anything in the future, don’t be shy.  My name is Dorothy and I work for the Vice-Chancellor of Education.”  With a nod, she was gone.
Stanley was shooting daggers at Will with his eyes.
“I just did what you told me to do,” said Will calmly.
A new figure emerged from the office Dorothy had gone into, a man with an aristocratic bearing.  He rounded the desk and offered Will his hand.  Will took it.  “You must be the new student King Lognion sponsored,” he said, pitching his voice louder so everyone in the room could hear him clearly.  “I’m sorry for any confusion.  My name is Garett Doster.”  He glanced over his shoulder.  “I’ll have a word with you after I get back, Mister Fyfe.”  Stanley’s face paled.
Will gave Stanley a wink as Lord Doster put an arm around his shoulder and let him out of the office and into the main atrium.  “Don’t I need to sign something?” asked Will.
“All that’s been taken care of,” the registrar assured him.  “If there’s anything else that needs doing, I’ll take care of it when I return.”
“But classes—”
“Those have already been set for you as well, considering your unusual circumstances.”  Lord Doster spotted a familiar face and called out to a young man who was passing by, “Mister Burwood!”
The student he called to turned and stared at them in confusion for a moment before he realized who was speaking to him.  “Lord Doster,” he answered, bobbing his head.  “What do you need?”
Will had already noticed that some of the norms he had come to expect of interacting with nobles were somewhat blunted here.  The students and staff treated Lord Doster with respect, but none of the fawning obedience that noblemen usually required.
“William, this is Robert Burwood, a second-year student here at Wurthaven,” said the registrar, introducing them.  “Robert, this is William Cartwright.  He’s starting here tomorrow on the recommendation of King Lognion.”
Robert’s eyes widened with surprise.  He extended a hand.  “Pleased to meet you.  Just call me Rob, everyone does.”
“I go by Will.”
“William needs to get his bearings, Robert.  I’d appreciate it if you would take him under your wing and help orient him.  Could you take him to the dorms and help get him settled?  I’m sure he’d like to unpack his things,” said the registrar.
Will coughed.  “Actually, all I have is what I’m carrying.”  He wore the clothes the king had given him, and he carried the oiled leather bag that held his mail and gambeson.  Aside from those and four silver clima in his coin pouch, he had nothing else.
Lord Doster and Robert gave him a surprised look, but the registrar recovered first.  “Well, I’m sure you can buy whatever else you need in a day or two.  You’ll certainly need a change of clothes, at the very least.”
“And paper, pens, journals—” added Rob.  “But there are shops here on the campus.  I’ll show you.”
Will was beginning to have serious doubts.  Four clima had seemed like plenty of money to him before, but he doubted it would suffice to buy clothes along with expensive items like paper and books.  “Let’s see the dorms first,” he suggested.  “This bag is heavy.”
“I’ll carry it for you,” offered Rob.  He started to tug at the strap and stopped when he felt the weight.  “What do you have in there?”
“My armor.”
Rob seemed confused, but he gave a quick wave to Lord Doster.  “I’ll take it from here, sir.”  As they walked away, he glanced at Will.  “Did you say armor?”
Will nodded.
“Why did you bring armor?”
“I’m a little attached to it,” said Will honestly.  “It’s saved my life several times now.”
“Are you a knight?”  Rob’s tone suggested he would be surprised if such was actually the case.
“No.  I was a private contract soldier in Branscombe before I came here.”  He paused for a moment, wondering if he still was.  “The king said I had to come to Wurthaven, though.  Do you think that means I’m out of the contract, or will I have to serve the rest when I finish in a year or two?”
Rob seemed stunned.  “I don’t know, but nobody comes here for just one or two years.  Most stay for at least five, more if they join the academia or take jobs in research.”
“Five years?”  It seemed like a lifetime to Will at seventeen years of age.  If his military contract was stacked on top of that, he wouldn’t be out until he was closing in on thirty.  “Is there that much to learn?”
“That depends on you,” said Rob with a chuckle.  “Some people devote their lives to this place.”
“Like the registrar?”
Rob shook his head.  “I suppose he has devoted himself to Wurthaven, but I mean the academics and engineers—the researchers.”
Will gave him a blank stare.
“People like Master Courtney,” clarified Rob, as though the name should mean something to him.
“Who’s he?” asked Will.
Rob’s jaw dropped a little.  “You’ve never heard of Lord Alfred Courtney, the metaphysicist?”
“Meta-what?”
The second-year took his elbow, urging him to continue walking.  “You have a lot of catching up to do.  Where have you been until now, under a rock?  Master Courtney is the head of the research department here and one of the largest contributors to our modern understanding of turyn and the underlying principles of magic.  He’s so famous everyone in the city knows his name.”
“Oh,” said Will, as though that answered everything.  “But what is that metafizzy thing you mentioned?”
“Metaphysics,” corrected Rob.  “It’s the study of the principles of magic and how it interacts with the regular, mundane world we live in.”
Hearing the description, Will thought it sounded like a fancy term for wizardry, and he said as much.  “That’s wizardry.”
Rob laughed.  “Well, yes, but there’s a lot to learn here so it’s divided into a number of categories.  What would you call the design and construction of new spells?”
“Wizardry.”
“It is, but here it’s taught with the label of spell engineering.  We have an entire department devoted to just that.”
“And Master Courtney runs it?”
“No, he oversees most of Wurthaven’s research projects, so he doesn’t really belong to a specific department.  The Engineering Department is headed by Master Dugas.”  When Will only looked more confused, Rob went on, “The engineers do their best to create and perfect new spells.  They work closely with researchers, though, since they’re often trying to turn new theory into something practical and useful.”
That sounded much more pragmatic to Will than metaphysics, but he refrained from saying it.  Rob’s words had implied there were more departments than just Engineering, so he asked, “How many departments are there?”
His new friend began counting on his fingers, “Let’s see, Divinatory Arts, Alchemy, Artifice, Engineering, Healing, and—” he paused.  “What was the last one?  Oh!  Psyche.”
“No Department of Sorcery?”
Rob waved his hand.  “That doesn’t qualify as a subject of study.  They inherit their elementals and any research into how elementals were originally tamed is strictly prohibited.  The nobility prefer to keep their secrets to themselves.”
Will found that interesting.  From what Arrogan had said, the secret was lost.  “So some of them still know how it was done?”
“Not as far as I know,” said Rob.  “Otherwise we’d probably have a lot more sorcerers attending the college.”
“They study here?”
Rob nodded.  “Of course.  Aside from the elementals, they’re just like us.  They need to learn spellcraft too, if they’re to make the most of what they’re given.”  The young man stopped then, gesturing to the buildings that rose up in front of them.
They had left behind the four central buildings that surrounded what Will later learned was called the ‘Quad,’ and stood now in front of two impressively large square buildings connected by a covered stone walkway.  “These are the dormitories,” explained Rob.  “The one on the left is the women’s dorm.  We’re not allowed in there.  The one on the right is for those with testicular endowments.”
Will’s head was already swimming with new terms and information, so he failed to recognize the word ‘testicular’ even though he was very familiar with anatomy.  “Where will I stay then?”
Rob began laughing hysterically.  “You’ve got balls, right?  Do we need to have Master Morris examine you?”
Will grinned, belatedly realizing his mistake.  “I suppose not.”  He found himself growing to like Rob.  The young man seemed solid and certainly wasn’t above rough humor.  He assumed that Morris was the head of the Department of Healing.
Rob led him in through the center of the covered walkway, taking a right to enter the men’s dorm.  The front door opened into a large space dominated by couches and chairs of a sort that Will had never seen.  They bore resemblance to some of the furniture he had seen in the palace, but they lacked the ornamental features he had seen there, making up for the lack with an excess of cushions and padding.  He immediately wanted to try them out, but Rob pulled him along to meet a woman sitting beside a table.
The woman had a strong figure, though age had added some extra padding here and there.  Her gray-white hair was piled up on her head in an impressive bun and when she looked at him, he was taken with her warm brown eyes.  “This is Dianne.  She’s the resident assistant here, but we all call her ‘Mom,’” said Rob affectionately.
Setting aside her tea, Dianne stood and offered Will her hand.  “Dianne Young,” she said briskly.
She’s anything but young, noted Will, immediately chiding himself for his uncharitable thought.  To make up for it, he took her hand in his, but instead of shaking it as was expected, he bent over it and brushed his lips across her knuckles, a gesture he had learned at the palace.  “William Cartwright, milady,” he said with a grin.
Dianne blushed mildly and gave Rob a surprised look.  “This one is going to be trouble.”
“Don’t look at me!” exclaimed Rob.  “He’s your child now, Mom.”
“As if I could give birth to so many unruly boys,” said Dianne.  “Come with me, William.  I’ll give you your room key.  I think there are some packages waiting on you as well.”
“Just Will, please,” he begged.
“Will, then,” agreed Dianne.  “Call me Dianne.”
She turned away, already starting toward the desk that served as her duty station.  Rob gave Will a wink and mouthed a word silently.  Will took his cue and called out, “Sure thing, Mom.”
The resident assistant kept walking, but she cast a stern eye on Rob.  “How long are you going to keep that going?”
“Until you finally agree to marry me, Mom,” said Rob with a roguish grin.
“Hmmph.  I’m more than twice your age, you scoundrel.  Don’t think I don’t know what you’re up to, with your unorthodox comings and goings.”  She leafed through a book on her desk and then turned to open a door behind her desk, unlocking it with a key that hung around her neck.  She went in and returned a moment later.  She handed Will a brass key.  “You’re in 407 with Seth Gabet.”
Dianne pointed at Rob and snapped her fingers.  “There’s a box in there for him.  Be a dear and carry it since he’s already got a bag.”
Rob emerged a moment later carrying a heavy wooden crate, then led Will to the stairs.  Will took pity on him.  “I’ll switch with you.”  Despite his brief tenure in the dungeons, he was still fresh from his time in the army.
“No, I’m fine,” protested Rob, but by the time they had climbed the fourth flight he was red-faced and panting, while Will wasn’t even breathing hard.
“I offered,” said Will as he stepped into a long, wood-paneled hallway.  The building’s interior was old, but well maintained.  He passed several doors, noting the numbers on them, until he came to 407.  “Here we are.”  Keys were a relatively new thing for him, so he fumbled with it for a full minute before finally getting the lock to turn.
Inside, the room was positively palatial by Will’s standards.  His one week in the palace notwithstanding, he had spent a significant portion of the past few years sleeping on the ground.  This room held a massive, wood-framed bunk bed that dominated the right wall.  A narrow window was set in the opposite wall, and he was shocked to realize it held actual glass.  On the left-hand side were two study desks separated by a pair of tall dressers.
He was drawn immediately to the window, dropping his armor bag on the floor and staring outside.  A view of the well-manicured lawns of Wurthaven greeted him, and he stuck his head outside to inhale the air.  I’ve died and gone to heaven.  Far below, he saw both male and female students walking, and he was unable to restrain himself.  Sticking his arm out, he began waving.
Rob quickly pulled him back in.  “They’ll think you’re off in the head if you keep doing that.”
“I don’t mind,” said Will.  “This feels like a dream.”
“You are living the dream, my dear fellow,” said Rob, looking out the window.  He swept his arm wide. “Below you will find a field of choice fruit, ripe for the taking.”
“Fruit?”
Rob winked.  “Girls, my friend, girls.  Half the student body is of the feminine persuasion.  Merchants’ daughters, well-fed and well-dressed, daughters of noblemen, they lie before us like a banquet waiting to be supped upon.”
Will frowned.  “Daughters of noblemen?”
His new friend held up his hands in a placating gesture.  “All right, I’ll admit, most of those are not to be trifled with, but you never know.  Some are third or fourth children of lesser gentry.  Besides, you don’t necessarily have to marry them.”  His lips split to show pearly teeth.
“I didn’t come here to chase girls,” said Will disapprovingly.
“You should.  Many profitable matches begin with a chance meeting at Wurthaven.  Play your cards right and you could even move up the ladder a step or two.  Personally, though, I simply revel in the chase.”
“I have a friend you should meet,” said Will, thinking of Tailtiu.  His aunt would make short work of someone like Robert Burwood.
“Oh really?”
Will shook his head.  “Never mind.  Let’s see what’s in the box.”
Chapter 2
He was glad they opened the crate before venturing out, as it contained a number of things Will had thought he would need to buy.  There were two sets of light woolen trousers and matching linen shirts.  Below those was a pair of leather shoes of a sort he had never worn.  The shoes sat atop a pile of blank journals and beside those was a slender wooden box that held metal pens and ink as well as charcoal for sketching.  An envelope had fallen down on one side and Will retrieved it.
Within were two sheets of folded paper.  The first was a note:
William,
Despite the nature of our last meeting I would like to congratulate you on your entry into Wurthaven’s halls of learning.  I still think fondly of my own time there and wish you the best in the coming years.
I regret not being able to sponsor you directly, but as Lognion has advised, that would probably not be the best course for either of us. Therefore I am grateful to him for giving you this opportunity.  I have included a number of items that I am sure you will need over the coming year, and for those things which I couldn’t foresee I have included an allowance.  Take the note of credit enclosed with this letter to the Bursar’s Office and they will see you paid.
On other matters I would tell you that the campaign against Darrow has gone remarkably well, thanks in large part to your efforts.  Barrowden is once again in Terabinian hands and the Crown is investing resources to rebuild the area.  A fortress will be raised to prevent similar disasters in the future.
Best of luck,
M.
“M?” asked Rob, leaning over his shoulder.  “Who’s that?”
“Someone who feels guilty,” said Will in a neutral tone.  He glanced at the note of credit and after a moment he spotted the bottom line.  “Ten crowns?”
“Not bad!” said Rob.  “That’ll keep you in beer for the semester at the very least.”
That wasn’t what was on Will’s mind.  That amount was three times what he would have made in a year if he had stayed with the army.  It seemed like a ridiculous amount of money.  He pocketed the note.  “Let’s go see the bursar.”
“I can give you the grand tour along the way,” said Rob magnanimously.
The trip to the bursar was uneventful, as was the tour, although the peaceful and scenic campus continually amazed Will.  He hadn’t even imagined such a place existed, so everything was a surprise.  Robert left him to his own devices after a while and Will returned to his room.  On the way in Dianne caught him and told him he had a new letter waiting.
It turned out to be a notice that he was to meet with his advisor, Paul Wattle, in the morning to confirm his classes.  He took it with him and when he got back to his room, he met his roommate, Seth Gabet.
Seth was possessed of dark curly hair and a pale almost deathly white complexion only partly offset by the moustache and patchy beard he was trying to nurture.  He glanced up nervously as Will came in and raised one hand in a silent greeting.
Will strode forward, putting out his hand.  “I’m Will Cartwright.  Good to meet you.”
“Seth,” was all his roomie could manage in response.
“Are you a first-year student too?”
Seth nodded, his eyes darting to the side as though he was uncomfortable.  “Would you like the bottom bunk?”  He asked the question as though he assumed Will would take preference, even though he had obviously already been using it.
Will frowned.  “You were here first.  Plus, I rather like being up off the ground.”
The other boy stood up, moving as though he would strip the sheets.  “I’ll move up top.  It’s no trouble.”
He put his hand on Seth’s shoulder and felt the young man flinch at his touch.  “It’s all right.  I prefer the top anyway.  Why are you so nervous?”
Seth stared at his feet.  “I didn’t think I’d be rooming with a young lord,” he answered after a moment.  “We can probably find someone to switch rooms if you want.”
“Lord?”  Will began to laugh.  “I’m from Barrowden.  My mom is a village midwife.  I don’t even know my father.  You don’t have to worry about me looking down on you!”
“Oh.”  The tension in Seth’s shoulders began to fade.
“Besides,” said Will, “I was told that all the students here are treated equally.  Even the teachers and administrators prefer their university titles to whatever social rank they have.”  Rob had explained the custom to him during their tour.
“Sure,” agreed Seth, but it was obvious that he didn’t really believe it.
From the other things Rob had said Will also had gathered that most of the students were from modestly wealthy families, while a smaller percentage were from the gentry.  With that in mind, he asked, “What does your family do?”
“Dad’s a cobbler,” said Seth quietly.  “But he’s done well.”
It took an hour to coax more out of the nervous young man, but Will eventually learned that Seth’s father was one of the most successful cobblers in Cerria.  Seth himself had shown little facility in his father’s trade, so his dad had taken an apprentice and hoped that his son could find a better place for himself as a wizard.  Will wasn’t sure what the tuition at Wurthaven cost, but he gathered that it was only barely within Seth’s family’s means.
So, he’s at the bottom of the ladder, realized Will, and here I am being sponsored by King Lognion.  No wonder he was fearful.  He was happy he could put his roommate at ease, since they might potentially be sharing a room for years.
Later in the day they went to the dining hall and had supper, sitting at a table by themselves.  Will studied the students that sat at the other tables but didn’t find any opportunities to introduce himself.  He knew no one other than Rob and Seth, but he hoped that soon that would change.
He went to sleep that night feeling optimistic.
***
Will was running.  He had left his advisor’s office with a list of classes and the knowledge that he would be late for the first of them if he didn’t hurry.  The class he was rushing to find was Composition, located in Room 302 of the General Lectures building, which was one of the four buildings on the central quad.
Two of his other classes were there as well, History and Mathematics.  His others were all in separate buildings.  In the afternoon he had Spell Theory at the Magical Theory and Divination building, just across the quad.  After those he would have his last class, Alchemy, in a building that was well separated from the main buildings of the quad.  His next class after that wouldn’t start until the next day, at the crack of dawn.  That was his physical elective, for which he had chosen Fencing.
When he finally found the classroom, he was definitely late, but he opened the door anyway.  He didn’t expect to see forty pairs of curious eyes looking down upon him as he entered, though.  The class took place in a small auditorium with seats that angled up on a slope so that everyone could see, while at the base was a small platform and a podium.
The lecturer, a woman named Jennifer Conrad, turned out to be far younger than he had expected.  She was clad in a long, black robe from which emerged a white collar with an aesthetically pleasing hand-tied bow.  Her form was entirely hidden by the robe, but from the face alone he could tell she was a stunningly lovely woman.
Professor Conrad’s eyes were hard and unforgiving, however, as she stared at the late arrival.  Will felt himself begin to wither under her glare.  “Name?” she asked coldly.
“William Cartwright, ma’am.”
“Take a seat.  Arrive late again and I’ll have you ejected.”
He walked up the side aisle, but rather than go all the way to the empty rows in the back he spotted an empty seat in the third row and crossed over to sit there.  A girl with mousy brown hair looked at him briefly and then studiously pretended he didn’t exist.  Will whispered to her in a convivial tone, “Will, nice to meet you.”  He turned his head to the right and repeated his greeting to a pale-haired guy who promptly put his hand up to prevent eye contact.
This is going well, thought Will sarcastically.
Glancing around, he soon realized he should have brought pen and paper, for everyone else was rapidly taking notes as Professor Conrad talked, while he was empty handed.  Will’s stomach sank as it occurred to him that even if he had, he couldn’t possibly have written fast enough.  His penmanship was more than just crude—it was also far too slow.
Free from the labor of note taking, Will did his best to remember everything the professor said.  Despite his grandfather’s constant criticism, he had come to realize early on that his memory was pretty good.  Hopefully, he could find someone later willing to share their notes.
Since he was able to devote all his attention to listening, he also had some extra time to try and understand what the lecturer was trying to achieve—the purpose of the topic.  It all came down to one simple thing; Professor Conrad was hoping to teach them to write and communicate effectively with pen and paper.  For the foreseeable future, his life would be preoccupied with a fair amount of reading and a much larger amount of essay writing.
For someone who still struggled to write legibly, it seemed like an insurmountable task, but he didn’t let his fear drive him.  He’d known fear on the battlefield, he’d survived the constant scathing criticism of his grandfather, what was the worst that could possibly happen?  Humiliation, or possibly being expelled, he decided.  Until then I’ll learn as much as I can.  He kept his eyes and ears open, trying to absorb everything Professor Conrad said and wrote on the board behind her.
When the class finally ended, he relaxed.  The students were exiting rapidly, and the fellow on his right was gone before he could say a word.  He addressed the girl to his left again, since she had to get past him to exit.  “Sorry for interrupting.  I’m William Cartwright.”  He stood and made room for her to get by.
“Janice,” she said quietly.  “Janice Edelman.”  Then she was gone.  The hall emptied, and he sat back down, closing his eyes for several minutes and letting his mind drift and assimilate what he had heard.  That done, he rose and headed for the dorm.  He needed to pick up a journal and writing materials for his next classes.
Mathematics was a relief, as he was easily able to write down what he needed, and the material was all comfortably within what he had previously learned.  In History, he found the topic familiar, but it was rapidly apparent he couldn’t take notes fast enough.  He gave up before long and resumed listening.
Will sat alone at lunch, unable to find anyone he knew.  He was picking apart a piece of fish he couldn’t identify but that would probably have been excellent if the cook hadn’t overcooked it—when a stranger stopped and pulled out the chair across from him.  “Hello,” said Will, flashing a smile.
“I hear you came in on a royal sponsorship,” said the young man sitting across from him.
He studied the newcomer for a moment, taking in the high quality of his jacket and noting the gold ring set with a wide ruby that was carelessly displayed.  The other boy had long brown hair that appeared to have been curled or styled in deliberate fashion.  A fire elemental hung in the air above his right shoulder.  “I’m William Cartwright,” he said, offering his hand across the table.
“You didn’t answer my question,” said the young noble.
Will stared back evenly but kept his expression calm.  “You made a simple statement. Was I supposed to interpret it as a question?”  He waited several seconds without blinking, then added, “If so, then yes.  King Lognion sponsored me.”
“You’ve got some spine, Cartwright.  I like that.  Dennis Spry.”  The young noble held out his hand in a duplicate of the gesture Will had made a few moments before.
Will didn’t move.  “You wouldn’t shake my hand a second ago.  Why now?”  Dennis had managed to set his teeth on edge.  The young man reminded him of a younger version of Dave, full of repressed anger and a sense of entitlement, only Dennis hadn’t had the experience of a world that refused to accept his demands.  Dave’s personality had been tempered in the school of hard knocks, while Dennis had been encouraged in his every whim.
Dennis gave him a smile of smug superiority.  “I didn’t want to dirty my hand if you didn’t have at least a bit of merit.”  His hand was still out, hanging in the air.
He knew the wise option would be to quickly take the other man’s hand, but his pride wouldn’t allow it.  Instead, he replied, “I have always assumed everyone has some merit, but you’ve changed my mind.”
Dennis’s face clouded with anger and he sat back, crossing his arms.  “That’s a shame.  I thought perhaps we could have been friends.”  He stood, looking down at Will.  “No need to be enemies, though.  There’s a party at Malview House on Friday night.  You should come.”  He dropped a small envelope on the table.  With that he left.
It was only then that Will spared enough attention to realize the dining hall had gone silent.  He tried not to look around, but he could feel that all eyes were on him.  What did I just do? he wondered.
Chapter 3
His next class was Spell Theory, and Will arrived early enough to get a seat in the second row.  Will leaned forward with interest when the professor entered, an older man named Dulaney.  This was the one class on his schedule that he thought would be the most interesting.  Today I’ll begin to learn the things Grandfather never got to teach me, he thought with anticipation.
Professor Dulaney stood behind the podium and gazed at the class without saying a word.  Unlike the previous teachers, he didn’t bother calling roll.  He simply stared at them for a long minute until the students began to shift nervously in their seats.  Then he turned and picked up a piece of chalk and began to draw a diagram on the blackboard.
A cross with arms of equal length appeared first, and the old man labeled each of the ends, putting a ‘P’ at the top, an ‘N’ at the bottom, an ‘O’ on the left, and a ‘C’ on the right.  Then he stepped a few feet to the left and wrote the word ‘turyn.’  “Forget everything you think you know about turyn.  In fact, it might be better for you if you haven’t learned anything.”  He set the chalk down and stared at the class, appraising them.  Finally, he asked, “Would any of you like to venture as to guess what the labels on graph represent?”
Will had no idea, so he kept his mouth firmly closed.  No one else volunteered either.  After a short time, the professor sighed.  “All right.  Perhaps I’m moving too quickly.  Would one of you like to tell the class what you think turyn is?”
“Energy,” someone said in the back.
“Yes, but that doesn’t begin to cover it.  Who else?”
“Magic,” offered someone else.
Dulaney rubbed a hand over his face in frustration.  “Single-word answers only supply a different label.  I want a description, something with some meaning—an answer that attempts to wrestle with the question.  Would someone else like to try?”
Once again ignoring the instincts the army had taught him, Will volunteered.  “It’s the vital energy that all living beings produce—humans, animals, and plants.  It’s the energy that catalyzes our motion and enacts our thoughts and will upon the material world, whether through physical motion or magical effects.”  He felt rather proud of himself for remembering Arrogan’s lesson.
Professor Dulaney studied him intently for a second.  “Excellent answer, Mister—what is your name?”
“Cartwright, sir.  William Cartwright.”
The teacher nodded.  “I applaud your effort to meet my expectations.  You are only half correct, however.”
Will frowned.  He was damn well certain he was absolutely right.
Dulaney smiled faintly.  “Would someone like to give me names for the ends of the graph?  The letters are place holders.  What do you think they represent?”  When no one answered, he urged them on.  “This will be a very boring lecture if no one steps up.  I’m perfectly happy to stand here and have a staring contest for the rest of the hour.”
Finally, a girl in the front row made an attempt.  “The elements, fire, water, earth, and air?”
“No,” said the professor smugly.  “But thank you for helping move the lecture forward, Miss…?”
“Rebecca Swafford.”
“Very good.  No, the axes of this graph represent a continuum that runs between positive and negative, chaos and order.”  He pointed at the letters.  “The primal elements that you’ve been so conditioned to think about are actually general areas found between these extremes.”  He pointed to the top right quadrant.  “Fire would be here, falling in the area between positive and chaotic.”  Next he pointed at the bottom right, then the bottom left, and finally the top left quadrants.  “Water, earth, and air, respectively.  From what I have shown you so far, Mister Cartwright’s answer is fully correct, but there’s more.”
Professor Dulaney drew a diagonal line across the cross.  “For those of you with enough math experience, this represents the z-axis, making this a three-dimensional graph.  Think of it as extending out toward you, and back through the blackboard away from you.  This axis represents the polarity of turyn.  Coming toward you, the turyn becomes more vital, more in tune with life.  Past the center and moving away, turyn takes on qualities of the void, the antithesis of life.
“Mister Cartwright, can you tell me now why your definition wasn’t complete?”
Will nodded.  “Because the only turyn I referenced was turyn of the vital sort.  I wasn’t aware of the other sort.”
Dulaney nodded.  “Actually, this graph oversimplifies things.  The vitality-void axis isn’t a gradient.  It’s an either-or shift.  Turyn can only be of one type or the other.  The two don’t coexist.  To be candidly honest, the positive-negative axis is similar in that regard, but the two types can coexist.  In the case of the positive-negative axis what we are describing is the overall mixture of positive or negative charge.”
Some of the students’ eyes had glazed over, but Will was rapt with his attention.  If only Arrogan had explained it like this.  Of course, back then he still hadn’t learned anything about graphs, so perhaps it wouldn’t have helped.
The professor continued, “Turyn has three basic properties, which we can show on this graph, but a better way to describe it is as a wave.”  He drew several wavy lines on the board.  The top line had wide peaks and valleys, while those beneath it were closer together.  The bottom line was a frenetic scrawl.  Then he marked two peaks on the broad, top-most line.  “The distance between two peaks or two valleys is called the wavelength.  Turyn on the order side of our graph has longer wavelengths and less overall inherent energy.”  Then he pointed at the squiggly bottom line.  “Turyn with very short wavelengths is on the chaotic end and possesses a higher inherent energy.
“The positive axis represents the fact that turyn can have a positive charge or a negative charge.  Whenever someone produces turyn from their inner gate, it is usually a mixture of positively and negatively charged turyn.  The overall ratio is represented by the y-axis on our original graph.”  Dulaney paused to take a breath.
“Would anyone like to take a stab at what the vital-void differences are?”  After several unsuccessful attempts, the professor explained.  “A wave also has a quality called polarity.  Imagine the lines that I just drew.  All of them go up and down.  If those are of the vital-type, then the void-type waves move back and forth at a ninety-degree angle.”
Rebecca raised her hand.  “If the only type of turyn found in living creatures is of the vital type, how do you know the void type exists?”
The professor smiled at her.  “That is an excellent question.  Would anyone like to guess?”
Without thinking, Will answered, “Demons.  They have black turyn.”
The teacher stared at him for a moment in surprise.  “Where did you learn that?”
“I saw a demon in Barrowden,” he said sheepishly, realizing how ridiculous it sounded.  “It had black turyn that burned whenever it touched someone.”
Dulaney gaped.  “You saw a demon?  How do you expect us to—”
“I was in the army, Professor,” interrupted Will.  “There was a Priest of Madrok in Barrowden when we entered the village.”
The professor blinked.  “Oh.  Very well, I’ll accept your statement as fact, incredible as it is.  However, I have to inform you that turyn doesn’t have colors.”
“But it was black, sir.”
“Could you actually see its turyn?”
“Yes, sir.  It wasn’t anything like the turyn other people have,” said Will.
“I’ll need to see you after class, Mister Cartwright,” said Dulaney.  “As to colors, I can explain that for everyone’s benefit now.  While it is true that once your ability to see turyn is awakened it appears to have colors, there is a reason we don’t rely on color to describe it.  Humans are not ordinarily born able to see turyn, so our brains haven’t developed a regular system for experiencing it as we have for our other senses.  Where one person might see black or green, for example, someone else might see yellow or purple.  This is one of the main reasons we developed other methods for studying and describing its properties.”
The teacher pointed at the back, where someone had raised their hand.  “Yes.  You have a question?”
The class continued, and while Will listened eagerly, he couldn’t help but wonder what the teacher wanted to see him about.  Hopefully it wouldn’t be because of his remark about demons.  He had left his description of the circumstances deliberately vague, since he doubted anyone would believe he had gone into Barrowden with only one other person.
When the bell finally sounded and everyone filed out, he stopped in front of the podium anxiously.
Dulaney spoke once the auditorium was empty.  “You’re not in trouble, Mister Cartwright.  I merely wanted to enquire about your ability to see turyn.  Ordinarily, we don’t take students through the ritual to open their eyes until the end of the first year.  How did it happen?”
Unwilling to talk about his first meeting with the fae, Will simplified the story.  “My mother is a midwife.  I was searching for herbs and mistook diviner’s sage for regular sage.  When I tasted some, it made me hallucinate.  Afterward I started seeing turyn.”
The professor nodded.  “Unusual, but not unheard of.  Normally a person has to be exposed to several such events before the sight fully manifests.”
Will said nothing.  He definitely didn’t want to talk about his near-death experience.
“About this demon you saw.  You’re very lucky to be alive.  What happened?”
“There was a sorceress nearby who slew it, but she was wounded.  I saw the black turyn beneath her skin.  It seemed to cause her a great deal of pain,” said Will.
“Dying is usually painful,” said Dulaney.  “How long did she survive?”
“I don’t think she died,” said Will.  “I think someone helped her.”
The professor scoffed.  “Trust me, young man.  She’s dead now.  Demonic turyn is invariably fatal.”
“But I saw her get up,” argued Will.  “She even fought some more after that.”
“How long did you observe her after that?”
Not long, thought Will.  A half an hour, maybe?  “She disappeared a little while later.  I’m not sure where she went.”
“Then she died somewhere else,” said Dulaney.  “Void turyn isn’t compatible with living creatures.  Even a small amount will continue to damage a person over time until it eventually kills them.”
But I pulled it out of her, thought Will.  I converted it.  She has to be fine.  “Couldn’t her body have transformed it into normal turyn?” he suggested.
The professor shook his head.  “People can’t change turyn.  That’s why we make transducers.”
“Transducers?”
“You’ll learn about those in your classes on Artifice next year.  For the time being I will have to see about having you take an additional class.  Since you’ve already got the sight you can go ahead and start learning spellcraft once you’ve been typed.”
“Typed?”
The older man nodded.  “As much as I dislike using elements to describe turyn, they remain an apt description of the various mixtures people produce.  It’s different for each person, which affects how efficiently you can create and cast various spells.  All spells require different types of turyn, so if your gate produces only a small amount of that type you wind up spending more of your overall turyn to get enough to make a particular spell work.  By determining your type, you can avoid trying to use spells you aren’t suited for and focus on those that are better aligned with what your type of turyn is.”
“Seems like a lot of trouble.”
“Not when it helps you to live longer.  If you go about using spells that don’t match your type, it costs you a greater amount of turyn, and that means you’ll be wasting your life needlessly.”
Lost in thought, Will didn’t reply.  Everything the professor had said about types and affinities was in direct opposition to what he had learned from Arrogan.  His grandfather had said nothing about affinities.  He wasn’t sure that meant it wasn’t true, though.  Intuitively he felt that perhaps the nature of his early training had made such distinctions irrelevant.  He knew he could change turyn from one type into another.  He did it when he pulled it from another person into himself, otherwise he would be stricken with nausea.  He had done it when he drew the demonic turyn from Selene, otherwise he would have died.
In fact, he was probably doing it even now, since his source was kept reduced to a level far below what was ordinarily necessary to sustain life.  He drew turyn from the environment around him and converted it into whatever mixture he needed to live.
Without that ability, the wizards of Wurthaven were literally burning their own lives to produce spells and create magical effects.  Given that circumstance, it made sense that they would employ every possible advantage to make the most of what they spent.
Chapter 4
Will’s after-class meeting with Professor Dulaney meant he had to run to reach the Alchemy building in time for class.  Unlike many of the other buildings, the Alchemy building was broad and squat, with only two floors and a deep basement.  As he got closer, he could see a multitude of stone chimneys protruding from the roof.  He learned later that most of them weren’t actual chimneys for fireplaces but instead ventilated fumes from the workrooms.
Once he found the classroom, he immediately noticed another major difference.  Rather than an auditorium, the Alchemy class was in a large room with heavy, blacktopped tables spread evenly throughout.  The tables had two sinks set within them at either end, and several shiny metal objects stuck up from the center, as well as a few mysterious small holes.
The holes made sense.  Arrogan’s workshop table had them as well, places where he could mount metal rods to support glassware at varying heights.  The other metal protuberances he wasn’t sure about.  They appeared to have handles, which meant they could be opened to allow either a liquid or a gas to flow from them.  Will wasn’t sure which.
The instructor made it clear, though, during his introductory speech.  One of the valves opened to supply clean water, the second provided a flammable gas for use with burners, and the third supplied a vacuum, or more accurately a negative air pressure.  Will understood the concept, but he’d never had access to something like it before.  Arrogan’s workroom was much more primitive by comparison.
Their teacher was a man in his thirties named Aaron Karlovic, and he was notable for the fact that his attire was simple and neat.  Unlike the other professors, he wore no robe, no necktie, and the sleeves of his shirt were tightly cuffed around his wrists.  He began his lecture by explaining his attire.
“As you may have noticed, my clothes have no loose ends or voluminous elements.  Beginning tomorrow, make sure you emulate this.  Also, I would advise you not to wear anything you feel any personal attachment to.  In the closet to the left you’ll find aprons, gloves, masks, and eye protection, but there will inevitably be accidents.
“Anything you wear into this class runs the risk of being stained, bleached, or worse.  If you get something particularly nasty on your clothes, you may even be forced to remove them and have them burned.  For this reason, you should consider keeping a spare set of cheap clothing here in the classroom.  I will be assigning personal lockers for that purpose at the end of class.
“Today will be entirely devoted to orienting you and explaining safety procedures,” continued the instructor.  “You’ll also be assigned a partner, so if you have any preferences be prepared to present them to me when we get to that point.”
Instructor Karlovic then began demonstrating the emergency shower and wash stations they would use in the event of an accident, along with a warning that in certain disastrous circumstances water should also be avoided.  “On days that we deal with substances which you do not want to come into contact with water there will be specific instructions given, so always make sure to pay careful attention to the warnings given at the beginning of every class.
“Before we start assigning partners, are there any among you who already have some experience with alchemical procedures?  I ask so that I don’t inadvertently pair up two students who both have good working knowledge.  I prefer to match experience with inexperience to help you all to learn faster.”
Will raised his hand.
“Name?”
“William Cartwright.”
“How much experience have you had?”
“My mother is a midwife, so I learned a lot about herbs and medicine from her.  I also spent some time with my grandfather who had a small workshop,” answered Will.
“Are you familiar with a balance scale?”  Will nodded.  “Units of measurement?”  The questions went on and began to get rather detailed as the professor asked him about titration, measurement, and a host of other basics.  When Will answered all of those to his satisfaction, he ended by asking, “Have you learned stoichiometry?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Meet me after class, Mister Cartwright.  I won’t be assigning you a partner.”
Consequently, Will was forced to stand by quietly while the instructor spent the rest of the class quizzing the students and matching them up into pairs.  Once again, he felt the eyes of his classmates studying him with barely disguised curiosity.  When the class was finally over and they had all filed out, he wondered what Professor Karlovic would tell him.
“You won’t be coming to this class anymore,” said the instructor without preamble.
“Sir?”
“It would be a waste of time.  I don’t doubt there may be a few holes in your knowledge, but the majority of this class would bore you to tears.  Instead, I’d like you to work as a lab assistant for me on Tuesdays and Thursdays.  You could earn a few coins and gain some experience.”
Will’s only response was a blank stare.
Professor Karlovic rushed to add, “Of course, you’ll also get credit for the class.  Depending on how skilled you are, I might exempt you from the second-year Alchemy class too.”
“How much time will you need me in the lab?”
“Two hours twice a week.  In the beginning it will be drudge work, cleaning glassware, that kind of thing, but once I’ve gained confidence in your work, I’ll put you to more gainful tasks.”  The instructor smiled.
A wave of relief washed over Will.  Not only would he gain an extra free hour each week, but he would be paid.  He had a feeling he would need the time to survive his Composition class.  “Thank you, Professor.  I’ll do my best.”
“Good.  Be here at six in the evening tomorrow and be sure to bring an extra pair of work clothes to keep here.  You’re almost certain to need them eventually.”
He left in a daze.  His first day had been a mixture of disaster and triumph.  Will still worried about his Composition class, but it appeared that Alchemy was already in the bag.  He hoped the rest of his evening would be quiet.  He’d had enough surprises.
Supper began at five, so he went and claimed a tray of food.  After spotting Seth sitting by himself, Will went over and took a seat.  The other boy didn’t have much to say, so they ate quietly until Robert Burwood happened by and joined them with his usual infectious grin.
“How was your day?” asked Rob, his eyes hinting at something.
Will shrugged.  “It was fine.”  Seth said nothing.
Rob leaned forward.  “Are you sure you don’t have anything to tell us?”
Seth glanced back and forth nervously between the two of them.  “Did something happen, Will?”
“I’ll be working as a lab assistant at the Alchemy building,” confessed Will.  “It looks like Professor Karlovic is going to exempt me from the class.”
Surprised, Rob sat back in his chair.  “I hadn’t heard that, but I guess I’ll be seeing you.  I work there in the evenings as well.”
The tension eased out of Will’s shoulders.  He wouldn’t be alone.
“But that’s not what I was talking about,” announced Rob.  He gave Seth a serious look.  “Will here is a war hero!”
Will choked and almost spit out the meat in his mouth.
Seth’s eyes went round.  “What?”
“It’s all over the campus,” said Rob, satisfied by their reaction.  “Apparently our friend here is an army veteran with demon blood on his hands.  It all makes sense now.  That’s why he got sponsored by King Lognion.  Isn’t it, Will?”  Rob took a moment to stuff a roll in his mouth, chewing languidly while he waited for a response.
Will ground his teeth in frustration, quietly wishing he could throttle his new friend.  “I was in the army, and I did see a demon,” he admitted.  “What are they saying?”
Rob put his arms behind his head and continued chewing, gradually drawing the rest of the roll into his mouth.  Once it was all inside, he began talking, though his mouth was still full.  “All sorts of things, old chum.  The jealous ones are calling you a braggart and a liar, while those with more imagination are dreaming up stories in which you slew the demon with a magic blade and saved a princess.”
Will choked again, and this time his tea came up through his nose.  That had been a little too close to the truth.  “That’s ridiculous,” he said evasively.  “I didn’t kill the demon, the sorceress did.  I just happened to be there.”
“And of course, that sorceress was King Lognion’s daughter, Selene,” pronounced Rob with a chuckle.
Glaring, Will demanded, “How did you know that?”
Now it was Rob’s turn to be shocked.  “I was making a joke.”  His head turned from side to side to see if anyone nearby had heard him.  The dining hall was suspiciously quiet.
“Oh!” said Will, laughing nervously.  “My mistake.”
“Sweet Temarah of the Heavenly Tits!” exclaimed Rob.  “You really saved her, didn’t you?”
Will put his face in his hands.  His cheeks were burning with embarrassment.  “We fought together, but if anyone was saved, I’d say she had more to do with it than me.”
Seth’s face was white as a sheet, and the boy sat utterly still, as though he had been carved from stone.  Meanwhile Rob couldn’t contain his excitement, he pushed back his chair, stood and paced in a circle before sitting back down.  “Holy shit!” said Rob.  After a moment he relaxed and held his hand out, palm up.  He wiggled his fingers.  “Fess up.  We need details.”
“Not here,” said Will.  Whispers were spreading across the dining hall, and he saw many of the students sneaking furtive glances in his direction.  “Let’s eat.  We can talk in my room.”
They finished their meal and headed upstairs, but Will refused to say anything until they were inside, and the door was firmly closed.  He gave Rob a withering glare.  “Who knows what they’ll be saying about me tomorrow!”
Rob was abashed.  “Sorry, Will.  I only meant to tease.  I had no idea I was anywhere close to the truth.”
Surprisingly, Seth broke in.  “So, what exactly did you do in the army?”
“I was a private contract soldier,” said Will.  “Most of it was pretty ordinary, except for constantly fearing I’d catch a spear in the gut.”  He gave them an abbreviated version of the battles he’d fought in, leaving out the parts that involved him taking on sorcerers.
“But what about the princess?” insisted Seth.  Apparently the quiet-spoken young man had a keen interest in romantic tales.
“I didn’t know who she was,” Will admitted.  “She worked with the medical group and somehow we got to be friends.  At one point I decided the only way to stop the war from dragging on forever would be to burn the enemy supplies in Barrowden.  She wouldn’t let me go alone, so we wound up going together.”
Rob’s breath hissed as he inhaled.  “The two of you went alone, against all odds?”
“I probably wasn’t thinking too clearly at the time,” offered Will.
Seth hugged himself, whispering, “He really is a war-hero.”  Then he stared up at Will from his bunk, his dark brown eyes deadly serious.  “Did you kiss her?”
Will turned red.  “No!  Of course not!”  She kissed me, he thought silently.
Rob was pacing.  “Now I see why the Patriarch’s offensive dried up so quickly.  No one knew why when the news came in.  How many people know about this?”
“You, me, Seth, the king, and Selene, I guess.”
“He calls her by name,” mumbled Seth.  “Not ‘Her Highness’ but Selene.”
“Well, we went through a lot together.  I doubt I’ll ever see her again anyway, so it doesn’t matter.”  Even as Will said it, though, he hoped it wasn’t true.
“So officially, you aren’t a hero,” said Rob with a sigh.
“At first they thought I was a kidnapper.  I spent my first few days in Cerria in a dungeon.”
Seth was up and moving to his study desk.  “I need to write this down.”
“What?  No!” Will protested.  “Nobody can know about this.”
“It’s for my book,” said the pale young man.
“You’re writing a book?” asked Will.
Seth nodded.  “It was going to be a different one, but I’ve changed my mind.  Now it’s going to be The Adventures of William the Wizard.”
Rob began to laugh.
“What is wrong with the two of you?” said Will, exasperated.  “No book, no adventures, and if you keep writing I’m not going to say another word.”
Seth turned two woeful eyes his direction.  “This is my life’s work, Will.”
“I thought you were here to study wizardry?”
“That’s just to get my dad to leave me alone.  I’ll learn enough to make a living.  Writing is my passion,” said Seth firmly.
Until then, Will had thought his roommate was merely a timid and nervous fellow, but he was beginning to see a different side of him now.  He couldn’t help but admire Seth’s conviction, but that didn’t mean he had to participate in it.  “I’m going to sleep,” said Will, looking pointedly at Rob.
“What are we going to tell everyone tomorrow?” asked Rob.
“I was in the army.  I fought in some battles.  I met Selene and I saw her take down a demon.  That’s it.  Good night.”  He began pushing his friend toward the door.
“Fine, fine,” said Rob.  He waved over his head to Seth.  “Night!”
Will shut the door and ignored Seth’s gaze as he climbed into his bunk.  He was tired, but he lay awake thinking about the day’s events for some time, until sleep finally claimed him.
Chapter 5
Morning came early, as it always did, but Will was already up and moving.  His time in the army had left its mark on his sleep cycle, and he had gotten into the habit of waking up before dawn, even when he didn’t have to.  Consequently, he arrived at the gym for his first Fencing class almost a quarter of an hour early.
The instructor turned out to be a neatly groomed man named Valentine Rhodes.  The teacher had a pencil-thin moustache with waxed ends that curled up.  His hair was trimmed too short for the man to have been part of the nobility, but Will later learned that Rhodes was actually a squire who had been granted a small farm, so technically Squire Rhodes was a part of the landed gentry, if just barely.
As the other students appeared, Will noted that most of them had elementals and all of them bore the unmistakable marks of gentle birth:  longer hair, finer clothing, and an air of superiority.  He began to feel out of place.  Some of them were staring openly at him, but there was only one face he recognized, that of Dennis Spry.
Perhaps I should have been friendlier, Will thought regretfully.  The other young men stood in small groups, with the largest one around Dennis, who seemed to be exceptionally popular.  The young lordling glanced at Will for a moment, flashing a smile as he said something else to his peers, who began to laugh with him.  Just great.
“All right, gather round, lads!” shouted Rhodes.  “Is there anyone here who hasn’t had at least some experience with the saber?”
Will held up his hand.  He was the only one to do so.  Several of the others laughed as they glanced over at him.
“What’s your name?” asked Instructor Rhodes, pointing at him.
“William Cartwright, sir.”
“Everyone separate into pairs and warm up.  Mister Cartwright, you’ll be with me so I can acquaint you with the rules.”
While the others began doing simple calisthenics, Instructor Rhodes took Will aside.  “Over here is where we keep the equipment.”  He showed Will a long rack that held long, thin, blunt-edged swords.  They were far different from what he had seen in the army.  Most of the swords used in the military were far shorter and thicker, built for powerful chopping and savage thrusts.  From what Will could see, these weapons would be nearly useless against a soldier, even if he were only armored in a gambeson.
Rhodes could see his confusion.  “What?  Spit it out, lad.”
“Do people fight with these, sir?”
The instructor laughed.  “Quite often, why do you ask?”  Then he paused.  “Are you the lad that just left the army?”
Will nodded.  “Yes, sir.”
“Then I understand your confusion.  These aren’t the sort of weapons you’d see on the battlefield, although they are similar in some regards to what the cavalry uses.”
He had seen cavalry sabers—they were a little longer with heavier blades.  “Then what are these for, sir?”
“These are the weapons of a gentleman,” said Rhodes with a smirk.
“Wouldn’t a gentleman want to be able to defend himself?”
The instructor began to laugh.  “You’re thinking about armored combat.  These are meant for dueling.  Generally speaking, if two men are fighting with these, they aren’t wearing armor, nor do they have shields or helms.”
“But still—”
“In that situation, these are far superior weapons, Mister Cartwright.  They thrust and cut quite well, and their speed is unrivaled.  Also, most duels end with first blood, so there isn’t the same necessity for men about town to go around wearing armor.”
Will’s eyes widened, glancing at the others who were still warming up.  “Will we be dueling?”
“I doubt the college would look kindly on me if all their well-bred students were regularly injured.  No, I’ll be teaching you the sport, but it will be good practice in case you ever do wind up in a duel.  Come over here.”  Rhodes led him to a long set of cabinets.  Inside were heavy, long-sleeved jackets, similar to the padded gambeson Will had worn in the army.  At one end were curious helmets with faces composed of wire mesh.  “You’ll be wearing these during practice to prevent serious injury or disfigurement.  Let’s get you suited up.”
The instructor helped him into the jacket, head gear, and gloves, before going over the basic rules.  It turned out that the sport of saber fencing was meant to teach and replicate the fundamental nature of what happened in a true duel.  The blades were lightweight with rounded guards to protect the hand.  The opponents were allowed to cut and thrust and a match consisted of multiple rounds in which the first to land such a blow was awarded a point.
The idea was that this blow was similar to first blood in a real duel.  The big difference, of course, was that a real duel ended with the first cut, which might or might not be lethal, whereas a saber match involved a scoring system that ended once fifteen points had been scored between the two of them.  The swordsman with the better score, eight points or more, won.
If both opponents scored a point at the same time, a judge made a call to award the point to whoever had been in possession of the ‘initiative.’  Initiative was a subjective concept, but generally it meant the swordsman who was moving forward, rather than retreating, at the time the two points were scored.
The contests took place on a long, thin strip marked by two lines.  If someone backed all the way to the end and stepped out, that also gave a point to the opponent.  The instructor went through a few rounds with him, during which he made a startling realization.  If two saber fighters were to actually duel, it wouldn’t necessarily be the best man that won.  While Rhodes scored the majority of points, Will managed to score a couple of his own.  In a real fight, that meant that out of fifteen duels with a man obviously far superior to him, he would have potentially won twice.
It was a sobering thought.  It meant that even a great duelist was taking a terrible risk any time he made a challenge, assuming his opponent was reasonably quick and fit, which Will certainly was.  Why would anyone ever think that was a good idea? he wondered.
While he was taking a breather, he watched the other young men sparring, noting their scores.  Even in the most mismatched sets, the loser usually managed to score at least a few times.  Having recently survived a battlefield, the entire thing seemed ridiculous to him.  Every ‘point’ scored was symbolic of a man taking a wound, fatal or otherwise, and yet the fighting style was outlandish and suicidal from a soldier’s point of view.
Fighting without armor?  Why?  No shield?  Who would give up such a defense?
Compounding the silliness was the fact that the game held no real risk, yet it was meant to simulate a situation with real risk of death or serious injury.  As a result, the best tactics were lighting-quick strikes and hyperextended lunges meant to take the opponent off-guard.  Unfortunately, if the hit failed to land, the defender usually struck the one making it.  Will couldn’t imagine an actual human, facing naked steel, doing something so inordinately risky.
After his short break Will was paired up with another student, a first-year named Chris.  He had more experience than Will, but their skill levels were closer.  In their first match, Will managed a respectable six points to his opponent’s nine.  He learned a few more things as well.
Unlike the instructor, Chris didn’t vary his speed or flow, making it far easier to predict his movements.  While resting after their matches, Will paid close attention to the others.  Those with better scores all showed some ability to suddenly change the speed of their attack and defense, and the instructor was the best at it.
It reminded him of something his grandfather had once told him after he had learned to increase his speed or strength using his turyn.  “Just because you don’t see ordinary people casting spells doesn’t mean they don’t depend on it.  Athletes, warriors, people that train themselves to be the best at what they do, they’re doing something very similar with their turyn.  And on top of that, they’re building their physical capacity at the same time.  You can use your magic in a large variety of ways, including to give yourself a physical advantage, but don’t ever make the mistake of underestimating people who train hard at fighting, or you’ll learn a painful and bloody lesson.”
Did that mean he could use his gift to improve his score?  Probably.  He had already considered doing so, but he had held back because of another lesson he had learned in the army.  Don’t stand out.  If he immediately started scoring as well as the better, more practiced fencers, it would only bring attention, and with attention came trouble.
When class was over, he went back to the dorm to clean up before his next class, History.  Arriving early, he found only a few students in the auditorium when he stepped in.  Will made a quick decision and found a seat in the second row, next to the only person he recognized, Janice Edelman, the girl he had met in Composition.
He lifted a hand as he sat down beside her.  “Hi.”
Janice ran her fingers across her forehead, nervously pushing her hair out of her eyes, which she kept firmly on the book in front of her.  “Hello,” she answered quietly.
He wondered if she was shy or if it was just something about himself that made her nervous.  Opening his journal to the first page, he set out a pen and made sure his inkwell was ready.  From his previous experiences, he doubted he would be able to keep up and take notes, but he figured he should at least be ready in case there was something important he absolutely had to write down.
“Hey,” said Will quietly.
Janice’s eyes flicked toward him briefly, showing him a flash of hazel, but she said nothing.
Pretty eyes, he noted.  “You probably noticed last time, but I’m terrible at note taking.”
She pushed her hair aside again without looking at him, but gave an almost imperceptible nod.
“It isn’t that I don’t want to, but I write too slowly.  I can’t keep up with the lecture and write at the same time,” he added.  “I only learned to read and write a year and a half ago.”
That provoked a response.  Janice’s eyes went wide and she stared at him for a full two seconds, blinking once.  Then she looked away again, her cheeks coloring.  “Oh.”
Her shy face caused a stir of uncertain emotions within him, though he wasn’t sure if it was attraction or just a feeling of protectiveness.  She really is cute, thought Will, and more importantly, she isn’t a princess.  Mentally, he reprimanded himself for that thought.  Rob had been a bad influence on him.  Gathering his courage, Will pushed on.  “What do you think about studying together?”
Janice visibly shrank, making herself as small as possible.
Damn it.  What did I do wrong?  Hastily, he added, “I don’t take notes, but I listen very well.  I know you probably don’t need help, but I—”  He stopped, afraid the girl might jump up and run out of the room.  With every word she seemed to flinch.
“Sorry,” he said after a moment.  “It was just a thought.”
More students were filing in now and he saw another face he recognized, Chris Burnham, from his Fencing class.  The other boy nodded at him but took a seat in another row, though Will noticed a strange look pass across Chris’ face when he noticed Janice.  What was that? wondered Will.  Do they know each other?  Why didn’t he say hello, then?
The professor made an appearance then, introducing herself as Melinda Fontenot before continuing, “Today we will begin our journey through the past, exploring the history of our nation.  In order to do that we will start with what came before the War for Independence to give you all a frame of reference.
“Since many of you won’t have any further exposure to Terabinia’s long and interesting history, this class will attempt to paint antiquity in broad strokes and give you a basic understanding of what Terabinia emerged from and why we occupy the unique spot we do today.  I encourage those of you with greater interest to consider signing up for some of my advanced courses next year if you’d like to enjoy a greater depth of understanding.  By the end of this semester you should know whether you fall into that category or not.
“We will begin with Stephen the Great, who after the conquest of the Kingdom of Trendle, found himself in possession of all of what we now recognize as Darrow, Terabinia, and parts of Trendham.  Although the kingdom he ruled at that time was known as the Darrowan Empire, we will be referring to it as simply Greater Darrow to avoid confusion with the smaller states that we are familiar with today.
“As most of you know, the Darrowan calendar begins with the year of Emperor Stephen’s birth, although it wasn’t officially adopted until late in his life.  Since this gives us a simple method of tracking the time of different events, we will be using the Darrowan calendar for dating events that occurred before our own War for Independence.  If any of this confuses you, remember that you can always convert Darrowan dates to Terabinian years by simply subtracting three-hundred and twelve from the Darrowan year.”
Professor Fontenot went on, covering the first three hundred years of Greater Darrow’s history in a very abridged manner.  All of it was new to Will, though, so he listened with keen interest.  It turned out that while Stephen the Great had been a skilled strategist and general, he had been woefully inadequate when it came to governing the vast territory he had claimed.  Fortunately, the man had died in his middle years, and his son, Flarian, had been born with a knack for governance that was equaled only by his aversion to war.
It was near the end of the class when Will heard a name that caught his immediate attention.  “In 283, Emperor Laernan took on a new advisor named Arrogan Leirendel.  I only mention this now so you’ll have the date for context since that advisor will become extremely important in later discussions of our own War of Independence,” said Professor Fontenot.
Will’s hand went up.  “Excuse me, ma’am.  Did you say Arrogan Leirendel?”
“I did.  Are you having trouble hearing me all the way back in the second row?”
“No, ma’am.  I just wanted to be sure.  Do you know how old he was when he took that position?”
Something about the question seemed to give the professor indigestion, judging by the look on the woman’s face.  “What is your name, young man?”
“William Cartwright, ma’am.”
“Mister Cartwright, if you have an interest in mythology please indulge yourself at the library. My class is for the more serious pursuit of truth.”
Will was bewildered, but the bell tower began to ring a second later and Professor Fontenot dismissed the class.  Unable to contain himself, Will turned to Janice.  “It was just a simple question.  Did I say something wrong?”
His classmate stood and gathered her things quickly.  As she left, he heard her say, “No.  Excuse me.”
For the life of him, Will couldn’t figure out why she seemed so scared of him.  With a sigh he capped his ink bottle, packed his pen and journal, and followed her out with the last of the students.  As he stepped out into the hall, he heard a familiar voice.  “Janice.  How good to see you!”  He spotted Dennis Spry, who looked to have been waiting for the girl.
She gave the young lord a weak smile, but Will noticed a slight flinch when Dennis casually draped his arm over the young woman’s shoulders.  Will frowned.
Dennis lowered his voice as they walked away, but Will’s sharp ears could still make out his words.  “You haven’t forgotten our study date, have you?  I need that essay by tomorrow.”  Janice shook her head.
Is he making her do his work?  Will found it hard to believe, but as he thought back to her previous reactions it got him to thinking.  Did she think I was trying to do the same?  It was a ludicrous idea from his perspective, but from hers it might seem entirely plausible.  He was tempted to approach them and give Dennis a piece of his mind, but he didn’t know enough to run around making accusations.
He’d already done enough damage to his reputation by being rude to the young lord.  There was no need to make it worse when he didn’t actually have any proof.
His next class was Composition, but he didn’t see Janice there when he arrived.  She showed up at the last minute, barely in time to avoid being late.  Will waved to her and offered her the empty seat next to him, but she ignored him and sat in the back.  He watched her walk by, taking note of her hair, which was in a mild state of disarray.  He caught a glimpse of her eyes even though she kept her head down.  They were red.
What happened?  Will felt an angry spark run through him, mixed with guilt.  Had Dennis done something to her?  Was it his fault for not intervening before?  Professor Conrad entered and class began, so he was forced to stay quiet.
Chapter 6
Lunch passed without anything of note happening, and Will’s afternoon classes were likewise mundane, until he got to Spell Theory.  Professor Dulaney started speaking as soon as the class began.  “Please get up and come forward once I begin calling names.  Today you’ll all have your turyn typed so you can start planning what you’d like to do in the future.  Knowing your type will help you focus on information that may pertain to you in particular and help you plan your coursework for the next year.”
He began calling out names, and those called lined up in front of the podium.  The teacher stopped after ten names to avoid having too many people at the front of the class.  Will was the fourth student called, since his name was close to the beginning of the alphabet.
Dulaney resumed his speech as they formed a line.  “As I showed you with the diagram yesterday, everyone produces a variety of different types of turyn and every person’s individual mixture is unique.  The one thing that we all have in common is that if you average the different types and wavelengths produced by any given individual, they will always average at the zero point on the graph.  Does anyone know why this is?”
One of the students who was still seated answered, “Is it like body temperature, sir?”
“An excellent analogy, Mister Holmgren.  This is very similar.  Just as most people have the same body temperature to within a few tenths of a degree, the turyn produced by different human beings also averages out to almost the same figure.  There is a tiny bit of variance, though.  Next question, if everyone’s turyn averages out to the same zero point on the graph, how are there different, so-called ‘types’?”
No one volunteered to attempt that one.
Dulaney stepped up to the blackboard and drew another cross, then he marked the four quadrants.  “Fire, water, earth, air—again, these are oversimplifications, but they are useful for our purposes.  You type is defined as which of these general types of turyn you produce the most of.  You will almost certainly produce turyn of the other types as well, but if there is an excess in one area, balanced by smaller amounts in the other three, then the graph still sums to zero.  The important thing is that we then know that if you have a larger degree of one particular type of turyn then you’ll be able to create spells using it while wasting less of the other types.”
“Couldn’t a person just produce the type of turyn needed without making the types they don’t need?” asked Will.
The professor grinned.  “If only that were the case, Mister Cartwright!”  He then drew two parallel lines on the board.  “Think of this as a pipe.  Turyn is the water flowing through it, although unlike water, it comes in many different flavors.  Is everyone with me so far?”
Dulaney waited a moment until the students began nodding.  Then he shaded in a thick portion of the bottom of his pipe.  Above that he drew another portion, but rather than shading it he marked it with crosshatch marks.  He continued until the pipe was full with four different types of turyn, each denoted by a different pattern.  “As you can see, this hypothetical person is producing a larger amount of what we’ll call earth turyn.”  He pointed to the thicker, shaded portion.  “But they don’t control what they produce.  The turyn is always produced by his gate or source in a fixed proportion.  So if he needs ‘x’ amount of earth turyn to cast a certain spell, he has to keep producing it until he reaches the desired amount, but the entire time he will also be producing these other types, which are wasted.
“As a result, if someone with a low production of earth-type turyn wants to cast a spell requiring earth turyn, they’ll have to produce a much larger overall amount of turyn to reach the amount needed for the spell.  Does this make sense?”  Dulaney glanced around the room, then continued, “The reason this is important is that you have to increase your turyn production when casting a spell.  The more you increase it, the faster your gate degrades.”
“What is a gate, sir?” asked Will.
“The source,” said Dulaney.  “We think it is similar to a congruence point between different planes.  Every person’s life comes from such a gate, and we produce turyn for magic by manipulating our own inner gate.  The more you consume, the sooner you’ll die.”
Will couldn’t help himself.  “If being a wizard shortens your life, why does anyone want to be one?”
The teacher gave him an odd look.  “Well, a large part of what we learn here is to help you avoid foreshortening your life too much, but there is no doubt that any exercise of magic will decrease your lifespan by some degree.  Let’s ask your fellow students.  Why do you want to be a wizard?”
Rebecca Swafford raised her hand.  When the professor pointed at her, she responded, “I plan to become an artificer, so hopefully I won’t affect my lifespan very much.”
Another student called out, “For the money!”  Several students laughed at that.
Professor Dulaney nodded.  “In case you hadn’t noticed yet, Mister Cartwright, most jobs involving wizardry require only a minimal amount of spell casting and turyn expenditure.  Alchemists work to concentrate and harness the turyn found in organic and inorganic materials to produce their products.  Artificers work to produce enchanted objects and devices that won’t require much of their own turyn in the making.  Spell engineers design spells that are more efficient and practical, but they generally try to avoid casting them unless absolutely necessary.  The main exception to this rule would be healers, who are presumably driven by their need to help others.  Incidentally, it is also why they tend to command the highest income of all wizards.”
Will frowned.  “If artificers are making devices for others, and spell engineers are crafting spells they don’t want to cast—who are they making these things for?  Surely someone has to use them?”
Dulaney gave him a look he knew well from his time with his grandfather.  It was the ‘how dumb can you possibly be’ look.  One of the students in the back called out, “Sorcerers, idiot!”  The professor smiled and indicated the line should start moving.  “If you’ll step up to the device one at a time, we will get the typing over quickly.”
Will was stunned.  He should have realized it already, but it still came as a surprise.  All these people are learning magic, how to make spells, how to enchant items, just to give them to sorcerers.  None of them were actually learning magic for their own sakes.  Arrogan’s words suddenly made perfect sense.  “Most of them spend their time bowing and scraping for the sorcerers, hoping to be given scraps.”
As he was thinking, the boy in front him had just finished.  The machine they were using consisted of a simple glass ball mounted between two metal plates.  Each student would place their hands on the plates and then wait while the enchantment engraved on the inside of the device measured their individual turyn wavelengths and then reported the results by causing the glass globe to show different colors.
The fellow in front of him, Shawn Campbell, was excited because the glove was showing two colors instead of one.  “A dual type,” announced Professor Dulaney.  “Lucky for you!  It appears to be earth and fire.”
Dulaney addressed the class, “What this means is that Mister Campbell’s turyn is narrowly confined to two opposing quadrants on our graph while he produces very little in the other two.  His turyn still sums to the zero point, but since he produces almost nothing in the air or water quadrants, he should be able to more efficiently produce spells that require either earth or fire turyn.”  He looked back at Shawn.  “Congratulations!”
It was now Will’s turn, but he felt a sudden urge to create mischief as he moved to stand in front of the device.  He was already fairly confident in manipulating his own internal turyn, and while he wasn’t entirely sure which types corresponded to the different quadrants on Dulaney’s graph he wondered what would happen if he tried to skew the results.  Thinking of Selene’s elementals, he tried to replicate the feeling he had gotten from her water elemental.
A moment later the globe turned a vivid blue.  “Water,” announced the teaching assistant standing close by, but then the young man frowned.  “Hang on.  This isn’t right.”  Dulaney came over, and the two of them spoke together quietly for a few minutes.
Will smirked as he picked up the professor’s words.  “That can’t be.  It doesn’t average out properly.  It’s almost entirely high frequency and negatively charged.  He’d be dead.”  The professor turned to Will.  “Try it again, there was some sort of interference.”
Will nodded, and this time he tried to emulate the turyn from Selene’s earth elemental.  A few seconds later, the globe turned a dark brown.
“Earth,” muttered Professor Dulaney.  “But it’s still not averaging correctly.”  He glanced at the teaching assistant.  “Paul, are you sure the machine was calibrated?”  After another quick discussion, they urged Will to try again.
This time he attempted a mixture of fire and water, and he was rewarded when the globe turned equal parts orange and blue.
“Fire and water?” exclaimed Dulaney.  “That’s not even possible.  There’s no way for them to zero out.”  He stared at Will suspiciously.  “Have you tampered with the machine?”
Will smirked.  “You mean this?”  He put his hands back on the machine and began changing his turyn from moment to moment, causing the globe to cycle through all four colors.  “That’s why I was curious about types.  Can’t a person just shift their turyn to produce whatever type is needed?”
The professor blinked, then grabbed onto Paul’s arm to steady himself.  “Are you seeing this, Paul?  Am I imagining things?”
“No, Professor,” said Paul.  “I’m seeing it too.”
“He’s a natural transducer.  Is that even possible?” muttered Dulaney.  The professor struggled to regain his composure.  “Go back to your seat, Mister Cartwright.  We’ll talk after class.  The rest of you, line up again.  I want to retype you just to make sure the machine is still giving accurate readings.”
Will sat quietly, observing the proceedings.  Everyone else’s results fit the standard pattern—they showed either a mild affinity for one of the elemental quadrants, or in a couple of extraordinary cases they produced a dual type, either fire and earth, or air and water.  One unfortunate student, Arlen Morelli, had no type at all.  The globe remained clear, indicating an almost perfect split between all four elemental types.  Dulaney explained that while this meant she could perform almost any spell, she would have a poor efficiency with any sort of magic she attempted.
When the class was finally over, Professor Dulaney gestured toward him.  “Come with me.”  Will followed the teacher out of the room and down the hall.  At one end was a door with a name plate attached with the professor’s name on it.  “Do you have much time before your next class?” asked Dulaney as he unlocked the door.
“I would have Alchemy, but Professor Karlovic is taking me on as a lab assistant so I don’t have to report until after supper,” said Will.
Dulaney’s brows lifted in surprise, then he waved a hand toward a leather-bound chair.  “Have a seat.”  Moving around the massive wooden desk that dominated the room, he sat down and faced Will.  “So, you impressed Aaron with your knowledge of alchemy, then?”
“I guess so, sir.”
“You told me before that your mother was a midwife skilled in the use of herbs, correct?”
“Yes, sir.”
“And she was the one that taught you alchemy?  Did you have any other teachers?”
Will wasn’t sure what to say, but given that the king already knew most of his secrets, he didn’t think it would do him much good to lie.  The professor might send a request for information to the Crown.  “My grandfather was an unlicensed wizard,” Will admitted.  “After my accident with the diviner’s sage he taught me a little before the war started.”
Professor Dulaney frowned.  “Where is he now?”
“He died when the Prophet’s army invaded.”
“And you’re here because the king sponsored you.  Does he know all this?”
And more, thought Will.  “Yes, sir.”
“Then I suppose I don’t need to worry about any legal issues.  How much did your grandfather teach you?” asked the professor.
“I only know one spell,” said Will.  “The one for linking to someone’s source.”
“Demonstrate it for me.”
You asked for it.  In the blink of an eye, he manifested the simple spell construct and linked to Dulaney’s source.  He felt a brief resistance, and then the link firmed up.  On a whim he tried to separate the professor’s will from his source and he was surprised when he succeeded.
Professor Dulaney sat rigidly in his chair, only his eyes moving as the rest of his body was paralyzed.  Will released him a second later.  “How was that, sir?”
His teacher took a deep breath, visibly attempting to calm himself.  Leaning over, he opened a drawer and pulled out a tall, brown bottle and a glass, pouring himself a drink.  He took a long sip before answering.  “Your will is extraordinarily strong for someone who only awakened his sight a few years ago.  Do you mind if I return the favor?”
Will nodded.  “Go ahead.”  The professor’s spell was so quick he never even saw the construct appear before a green line shot toward him.  It vanished a moment later as his body absorbed the foreign turyn.  “Oh,” said Will, shutting down his reflexive absorption.  “Try again.  I wasn’t ready.”
Professor Dulaney blinked, trying to process what had happened, then he repeated the spell.  Will was surprised when it connected.  His teacher was obviously skilled, but when the man attempted to paralyze him as Will had just done, he fought him.  Beads of sweat broke out on Dulaney’s forehead, but after a few seconds he lost control.  Working through the connection between them, Will paralyzed his mentor once again.  Then he dismissed the spell.
Dulaney let out an explosive breath and took another sip of his drink.  “What on earth?  That’s the only spell you learned?  How long was your grandfather teaching you?”
“A little less than two years,” said Will.  “But almost all of it was focused on learning self-discipline, though I didn’t understand that at the time.”
“How exactly did he teach you that?” said the professor slowly.
Will hedged.  “Meditation?  He used a spell to link my source to a candle.  I had to carry it around for months.”
“And what else?”
“That’s it,” Will lied.  “I thought he was crazy at the time.  He would yell at me if I forgot to keep the candle with me.”
Dulaney rubbed his chin.  “We still use the candle exercise, but only for a week or two.  I can’t imagine how that would make your will as strong as it is now, much less allow you to transform turyn from one type to another.”
“He was surprised by that as well,” Will temporized.  “One day I got bored and changed the color of the candle flame and it shocked him.”
“You’re suggesting you were always a transducer?”
Will shrugged.  “Maybe?  I didn’t even know that’s what I was doing until you told me today.”
The professor sighed and finished his whisky with a final swallow.  “I really don’t know what to make of you, Mister Cartwright.  This is uncharted territory.  I’ll tell you what we will do, though.”
“What’s that?”
“Since you no longer attend the Alchemy class, I’d like to devote some of my time.  Every day, after this class we’ll spend some time working on your spellcraft.  I’d like to see what you’re capable of.”
Will groaned inwardly.  He had just gained some time from being exempted from Alchemy; now he’d lose that time in private lessons.  “How much time?”
“Half an hour of one-on-one.  The same amount of time we’ve spent here today.  If you do well, I’ll give you credit for your first semester of Spellcraft.  Ordinarily you wouldn’t get to take it until next year.”
“Do I have to keep coming to Spell Theory, then?”
“Learning spells is one thing, but you need a good foundation in the underlying principles,” said the professor firmly.
Will sighed.
Chapter 7
“What is all this for?” asked Will.  He was in a lower basement laboratory within the Alchemy building.  Unlike the classroom lab he had seen the day before, this area was divided into discrete portions with large metal vats, tanks, and a variety of glassware.
“This,” said Professor Karlovic, “is how we pay the bills.  What do you think the number-one product of this facility is?”
Will had no idea.  All he knew how to make was ink, glue, and herbal tinctures, and none of that involved such oversized pieces of equipment.  “Ink?” he answered tentatively.
His teacher laughed.  “No.  What do you think the main purpose of alchemy is?”
“Making potions for specific purposes?”
“Yes, and no.  We can indeed make a variety of potions, but that is not what we mainly do.  Alchemy is the art of taking raw ingredients, herbs for example, and distilling from them their vital essences, the turyn they possess.  Using various formulae, we can then take those concentrated essences and create magical potions, without—and this is key—without needing a wizard to burn his or her own life to do so.”
Will stared at him.  “Huh?”  None of that sounded remotely like what Arrogan had taught him.
Karlovic nodded.  “The old recipes call for base ingredients and then use turyn from the creator to empower them, but that method has all the same drawbacks of spellcasting.  Honestly, when I look back at the work of the Founders, I cannot help but think they were a little insane.  They wasted their lives.  What we do here is take those old recipes and find ways to recreate them without forcing the alchemist to burn up their own turyn.
“In order to do that, we work with large amounts of raw materials and distill them down—concentrating them to get the full amount of turyn required to empower a potion.”  The professor waved a hand.  “But I digress.  The purpose of my initial question was to get you thinking about what our main product is.  Which potion do you think people need the most?”
Will tried again.  “Glue?”
“Good guess.  That is one of our more favored products, but what I am referring to are healing potions.  I’m sure they’ve covered this in your Spell Theory class by now.  Once wizards graduate, they go into a number of different occupations, but one of those jobs requires more of the practitioner than the others.  Healing.”
He made an ‘o’ with his mouth.  “I see.”
“To help keep from overusing their powers, one of the most demanded products are healing potions for use with minor problems.  We make elixirs for fever and sickness, tinctures for wounds, and even minor healing potions that can close wounds and mend broken bones.  We make these things without spending our own lives, and we sell them to healers to help them avoid spending their lives on any but the direst of injuries.  Do you understand?”
Will nodded slowly.  “That makes sense.”  More and more, he was beginning to understand how the practice of wizardry was crippled by the fact that magic users were forced to burn up their own lives to create spells.  He was also interested in seeing those old recipes the professor had mentioned, since he obviously didn’t suffer from the same restriction.  It would be far simpler to just make a potion with base ingredients and empower it himself than to concentrate or distill essences from large quantities of raw materials.  “So what will I be doing today?”
The professor smiled.  “See that vessel there?”  He pointed to a massive metal tank set above what appeared to be a burner.  “Grab a shovel.  You’ll need to load it with pennyroyal from that bin over there.  Once it’s full, we’ll add water and start the first phase.  Have you ever done fractional distillation before?”
He blinked.  He had, but it had involved a small glass setup in Arrogan’s workshop.  “That’s for fractional distillation?”
Karlovic pointed to the top of the tank, where a long, vertical pipe emerged.  “That’s a fractioning column.  The part you see coming off the side is where the condenser begins.  Over here is our thermometer…” the professor went on, naming and describing each component of the system until Will could understand what was happening.
The scale of it awed him.  Then the professor pointed to a rack.  “Get the shovel.  I need you to load the distillation tank.”
An hour later, Will was sweating as he rested on a stool.  Is this what I’m here for?  Manual labor?
It was then that the professor motioned him to come over to a small desk at the corner of the room.  “Now that the hard part is over for tonight, let’s see if you can work through these calculations.  What you see here is a list of the raw materials we are starting with, along with a table of yields we have gotten from similar materials in the past.  I’ve already done the calculations several times, but you can get some practice working through it again and double-checking my work.  I’d like you to calculate our likely yield given these raw materials.
“Once you’ve done that, see if you can tell me what step we will be using next to further purify the azeotropes that emerge from tonight’s process.”
Will stared at the ledger.  He had learned the principles from Arrogan, but he had a lot of questions to ask before he could begin to do what the professor asked.  It seemed he would be learning after all.
***
When Will finally got back to his room Seth, was already there.  His mild-mannered roommate sniffed the air as Will entered.  “What have you been doing?  You smell like you’ve been rolling around in a mint haystack.”
“Close,” said Will.  “Pennyroyal.”
“Lucky you,” said Seth, reclining on the bottom bunk.  “If you keep working around that stuff you might be able to stretch your laundry to two weeks.”
Will had already heard that the dorm offered a laundry service, and that most residents availed themselves of it at least once a week.  “How much does it cost?” he asked curiously.
“What, the laundry?  Almost everything is a penny each, a penny for a shirt, a penny for trousers.  But if you want to get your fancy dress clothes done that costs more since they have to starch and iron them.  That’s six pennies.”
He only had one set of clothes.  The expensive linen clothing the king had given him.  “What would my clothes count as?”
“Six.”
“Uh…”  Will realized he had a problem.  Between the clothes his father had sent and the clothes the king had given him, he had three sets.  If he changed them every day, he would wind up spending almost two silver clima a week.  At that rate he’d spend more than three gold crowns just getting his clothes washed during the first term.
Of course, in the past he had worn his clothes for up to a week at a time without changing them, but that had been in the army, and even there he’d been expected to wash himself daily.  The standards at Wurthaven were considerably stricter.  He hadn’t come across anyone yet that didn’t appear to be wearing fresh clothing.
If he was to wear freshly cleaned clothes every day then he would also have to bathe at least every other day.  Correction, every day, he told himself when he remembered that he had Fencing class every morning.  The bathhouses behind the dorms cost a penny each time, which would add another crown plus change to his expenses for the term.  Adding it up, he arrived at a total close to five crowns.
Then there was food, incidentals, and probably other expenses he hadn’t even learned of yet.  “Are there any extra fees we have to pay?” asked Will.
“There’s a lab fee for Alchemy,” said Seth.  “But since you’ve been taken as an assistant, I suppose you won’t have to pay that.”
“True,” said Will.  He had forgotten that.  Professor Karlovic was also paying him two clima a week for his help in the lab, so that would help keep him solvent.
“Have you paid your library fees yet?” asked Seth.
Will leaned over the edge of his bunk and looked down.  “There’s a fee for the library?”
Seth nodded.  “Five crowns each term.”
He groaned.  There went his surplus from working as an assistant.  Worse, that put him down another two gold for the term.  If he was very careful with his money and there were no surprises, he might make it through with a few coins left over, but he didn’t like not having anything extra to cover emergencies.
Lying down, Will pillowed his head with his arms.  Having an actual pillow would have been nice, or bed sheets.  Unlike Seth, he was still sleeping on a bare mattress.  How much would those things cost?  Damn, he cursed silently.  After he bought bedding, he’d have to pay to have it laundered as well.  He started to ask Seth what the cost for washing sheets was, but he heard a soft snoring beneath him.  His roommate had fallen asleep.
Will wasn’t sleepy so he stared at the ceiling, which, thanks to his elevated position, was only four feet away.  Thinking back over the past year he found it difficult to believe all the things that had happened to him, that had led to him being there.  He lifted his right hand and stared at the ring he wore.  He still had no idea what it was or what it could do.  His life was full of mysteries.
Turning his hand over, he looked at his palm and thought of the limnthal, causing it to rise and hover in the air above his hand.  It was yet another mystery.  What it could be used for, what it meant, he still had no clue.  Not long after he had received it, Aislinn had given him a gift, something she had stored within it, but what that might be was also an unknown.
“Sometimes I think I know less about myself than I did about Selene,” he mumbled.
“Who the fuck is Selene?” asked a cranky voice that clearly did not belong to Seth.
Will bolted upright in the bed, dismissing the limnthal.  “Who’s there?”
Silence was his only answer.  Leaning over the edge of the bed, he searched the room with his eyes.  There was only a dim light coming from the window, but that was no hindrance to his sight.  He adjusted his vision until the room seemed as bright as day, but there was no one there.  Will backed up until he was sitting with his back against the headboard, his head resting in the corner of the room.  I’m not crazy, he told himself.  Someone spoke to me.
He studied his hand.  Was it the limnthal?  With a thought, he summoned it again.  “Were you talking to me?”
“No.  I was talking to your ass.  Who the hell else would I be talking to?” said the voice.
Will stared at the limnthal.  “You can talk!”
“Yeah.  I’m starting to wonder about you, though.  Moron.”
“I didn’t know the limnthal could talk,” said Will slowly.
“Of course, it can’t.  Were you always this stupid?”
The voice was extremely familiar, and with every insult Will became more certain of who it belonged to.  “Grandfather?”
“Who?  Kid, you are seriously deluded.”
“You’re Arrogan,” insisted Will.
“Sort of, but I’m afraid there’s a good chance he wasn’t your grandfather.”
“He told me he was.”
“Then he lied.  He lost track of his descendants within a couple of generations.  I’m starting to think you’re a few cards shy of a deck,” said the voice.
Will shook his head.  “You’re wrong.  He told me I was his grandson.  You told me that.”
“First, I’m not Arrogan.  Second, I know everything he knew, and he most certainly didn’t know anything about any of his descendants.  It’s even possible that they all died off.”
“What are you then, and how would you know everything he knew if you aren’t him?” asked Will.
“You’re wearing a ring, aren’t you?  Probably with something weird mounted on it, such as a bone or something.”
Will stared at the ring but didn’t say anything.  Is it the ring talking?
“Well, am I right?” demanded the voice.
“Yes.”
“I knew it.  What does it look like?”
He frowned.  “If you’re the ring, shouldn’t you know?”
“How the hell should I know, you moron?  I can’t see.”
“Why can’t you see?”
“You really are dense, aren’t you?  Do you see any eyes on that ring?  No.  I don’t have a body.  I’m just a disembodied intellect, bound to a piece of fucking jewelry,” answered the voice, then it snorted.  “Typical.  You still haven’t told me what the ring looks like.”
“It’s gold, with a tooth mounted on it.  I think it’s a wisdom tooth.”
Will heard the ring begin to chuckle.  “That’s Aislinn for sure.  She always did have a warped sense of humor.  Let me guess, did she tell you it was a ring of wisdom?”
“No.  She just said it was an object of vile and unspeakable knowledge and power.”  As he said the words, he couldn’t help but think his grandmother’s label was more apt than he had realized.
The ring paused.  “Oh.  I rather like that.  Let’s just shorten it to ‘Ring of Vile and Unspeakable Knowledge.’  I don’t really have any power.”
“Are you Arrogan’s spirit, his ghost?” asked Will, feeling hopeful.
“No, you nitwit.  I am not.  Nor do I feel inclined to tell you what I am.  Knowledge should be held by those who are responsible, not by dim cretins who can’t even figure out what sort of ring they’re wearing.”
Will closed his eyes, taking a deep breath to calm himself.  “You sound just like him.  I was his apprentice.  You can trust me.”
“That’s just what a sorcerer would say.  I’m not falling for your tricks.  I was old before you were even a gleam in your daddy’s eye,” said the ring.
“I was his apprentice,” insisted Will.  “I can prove it.”
“No, you weren’t.  I—I mean he—he killed all of them.”
“If you know everything Arrogan knew then you should remember me.  My name is Will, William Cartwright.  And you just said ‘I,’ so you really are Arrogan.”
The ring growled.  “No, I’m not.  Listen, it’s confusing, especially for me.  I’m just his knowledge.  The technical term is a spirit of intellect, but even that’s confusing since there’s no spirit involved.  His spirit is long gone.  How did he die, anyway?”
The words triggered the memory of a conversation.  What had Aislinn told him?  A mage, or any human, consists of three things:  the mind, the will, and the soul.  She had also said that death wasn’t the destruction of those things either, merely their separation.  Had she somehow bound Arrogan’s knowledge to the ring, while letting his will and soul go their separate ways?
“I asked you a question, fuckwit,” reminded the ring.
Will took hold of himself.  “He died protecting me and my mother.  Soldiers from Darrow invaded Barrowden.  Why can’t you remember that?”
The ring sighed.  “I call bullshit.  He didn’t care enough about anyone to throw his life away.  And the reason I don’t remember is because the last few years of his life were lost.  Recent events, recent knowledge, they don’t remain with the intellect after death.  Only memories that have had time to mature are kept.  What was your mother’s name?”
“Erisa.”
“I remember her, pretty young thing, though her mother was a self-righteous fool.  She stayed with him for a while.  You’re saying you’re her brat?”
“Yes.”
“Nice try.  You really did your research, but I still don’t believe you—sorcerer!”
Frustrated, Will tried again.  “I’m not a sorcerer.  Why haven’t you spoken before now?”
“Hmm.  You haven’t figured out much, have you?”
“It’s the limnthal, isn’t it?” said Will.  “I haven’t looked at it since Aislinn gave me the ring.  It wakes you up somehow.”
“You mean since you stole the ring, and the limnthal.”
Will scratched his head.  “How would a sorcerer steal your limnthal?  They don’t even know what a limnthal is.  I barely do.  You gave me the limnthal.”
“Good point,” agreed the ring.  “But I still don’t trust you.  If you were really his apprentice, tell me something only an apprentice would know.”
He thought carefully for a minute.  “There was a cat, he called it ‘the goddamn cat.’  He said it was our landlord.”
“Not bad, but not enough.”
“He hated the Lord of the Hunt.  Aislinn was his wife, before she became one of the fae.”
The ring growled again.  “Now you’re pissing me off.  Still not good enough.”
“He was a tailor before he became Aislinn’s apprentice.  He gave her a pillow he made as a gift.  I returned it to her with his body after he died,” said Will.
“He wouldn’t have told you that.  You’re trying too hard.”
“No.  Aislinn told me, after I returned the pillow.  All he ever told me was not to touch it.  He was as mean as the day is long.”  The ring remained silent, so Will asked, “Now do you believe me?”  Still no answer.  “What are you thinking?”
“How sad,” said the ring.
“Well, he had to deal with a lot of hardship during—”
“No, how sad that he was forced to scrape the bottom of the barrel and take a simpleton like you as an apprentice.”
Will’s eyes began to water.  “It really is you.  You don’t know how much I’ve missed you.”
“Don’t get sappy.  I already told you I’m not really him.  Most emotions arise from the soul.  Don’t expect me to reciprocate your feelings,” said the ring.
He still had hope, though.  “You said most emotions.  That means you have something left, right?”
“Certainly.  I’m pissed off and angry.  Is there any chance you’d be willing to have the ring melted down?  I don’t think you have much chance of accomplishing anything useful, and you’ll probably wind up losing me to some pinheaded sorcerer.  Better to just nip disaster in the bud and get rid of me.”
“Seriously?”  Will was aghast.  Even Arrogan hadn’t been quite that dark.  Or maybe I’m just remembering him at his best.  “I’m not doing that, so you might as well make yourself useful.”
“How?”
“Can you teach me some spells?  My teacher never got very far with that.”
“Not really.”
“Why not?”
“First, I can’t see.  That means I can’t observe and advise you as you try to learn.  Second, me trying to teach you by reciting the order of runes for a spell isn’t going to get you very far.  Third, I only remember the spells he used regularly.  Arrogan had forgotten more than you’re ever likely to learn.  If he needed something particular, he looked it up.  Fourth, I don’t have to do a damn thing I don’t want to do.  Talk to me when you’re less ignorant and slightly more useful.  Maybe I’ll feel like sharing something then.”
Will ground his teeth in frustration.
“Putting me in a slag pit is starting to sound better and better, isn’t it?” observed the ring.
“Don’t tempt me,” said Will sourly.  Then he thought of a different question.  “Aislinn gave me another gift.  She put something in the limnthal.  Do you know how I can figure out what it is?”
“Try looking at it?  Are you really this slow?”
He ignored the insult.  “What do you mean look at it?  The limnthal looks the same as it did when you gave it to me.”
“Didn’t he show you how to open it?”
“Open it?  Is it like a container?”
“Every limnthal connects to an extradimensional space.  Wizards use them to store all manner of small items.  That was part of the reason they were so useful,” answered the ring.
The possibilities of such a thing struck Will like a thunderbolt from the sky.  How often he could have used such an ability!  It also cleared up a few other questions.  He had figured out that Arrogan made regular trips to Branscombe to buy supplies, things like butter.  But he hadn’t found any perishables stored at the house after his grandfather had passed.  And he was my grandfather, thought Will stubbornly.  Whether we shared blood or not.
“How much stuff can be stored inside one?” asked Will.
“It varies, but Arrogan’s limnthal could hold quite a bit.  The interior dimension was roughly the size of a wardrobe or closet.”
There could be anything inside!  Will’s eyes became round as he imagined all manner of valuable and arcane materials that might be held within.  There might even be gold.  He could be rich!  Or there might be long-forgotten magical artifacts.  “How do I open it?”
“The limnthal has a built-in conjuration function that connects to the pocket dimension.  On the left side there are two runes that serve as control points.  They’re right next to each other.  Senket is the rune that summons, and raylin is the rune that stores.  You just touch senket with your other hand and imagine the object you wish to call out.  It will appear in your hands,” explained the ring.
“But I don’t know what’s inside.”
“Then you simply have to think ‘empty’ when you touch it.  That will eject everything at once, but be warned, you’ll have a mess if you do.”
Chapter 8
Holding out his hand, Will prepared to follow the ring’s advice, until he heard a warning.  “If you’re planning to empty the limnthal you may want to make sure you have plenty of room.  Where are you now?”
“In bed.”
A low chuckle issued from the gold band.  “Go ahead.  Forget I said anything.”  The ring’s tone did nothing to inspire confidence.
Will glared at the sinister piece of jewelry adorning his finger, which accomplished nothing since it couldn’t see his expression.  “Thanks for the warning,” he said dryly.  He eased out of the bed and climbed down the ladder.  Seth was still snoring steadily, putting his mind at ease.
He moved to the center of the room, and after a moment’s thought, sat down.  If any of the items were breakable, he didn’t want them falling to the floor.  With his left hand he touched the senket rune on his limnthal and formed the thought, empty.
His ears were assaulted by the sound of dozens of heavy items falling to the wooden floor.  It was immediately obvious that his decision to sit was a good one.  He was surrounded by boxes and clay jars, large and small.  In between the containers were a variety of smaller items.  Will’s head swiveled as he looked behind him and to the sides.  The floor of the room was littered with flotsam and jetsam. Holy hell.
Afflicted by a sudden onslaught of paranoia, he studied his roommate.  Incredibly, Seth was still snoring, though Will couldn’t imagine how the noise hadn’t woken the other boy.  Priority one is putting everything back before he wakes.  All I need to do is look at it, remember it, then put it away again.  In future, assuming the ring had been truthful, he could recover any individual item without needing to create a chaotic mess as he had just done.
The large clay pot in front of him had a lid.  He opened it and was instantly caught by the smell of freshly baked bread.  Looking inside he could feel warmth rising from the loaves piled within.  It’s almost as though they just came from the oven.  Making note of the clay pot’s exterior, he saw the word ‘bread’ written across the lid.  Putting his hand over the pot, he touched the raylin rune with his thumb and sent it back whence it had come.
The next pot was filled with fresh cuts of meat:  lamb, pork, beef.  There was enough to cook a feast for thirty men or more.  The flesh was still pink, as though a butcher had just cut it.  He stored it as well.  And that cheap bastard forced me to make do with carrots and turnips, thought Will ruefully.
He moved on, discovering jars filled with water, salt, peppercorns, and most notably, a vast supply of butter.  Will counted the small butter jars.  There must be twenty pounds of butter in those, and that jerk used to punish me by not sharing.
That was the end of the jars, so he began opening crates and boxes.  The largest crate held a collection of wine bottles.  Will knew nothing of wine vintages, but he had a suspicion that some of them were probably valuable.  The next box held carrots, and the one after that turnips, all of them looking as though they had been freshly harvested and washed.  A heavy burlap sack held onions.  Was he obsessed with food?  Will shook his head.  He knew better.  The old man had definitely been passionate about cooking.
A slim wooden case with hinges contained a variety of knives, from paring knives all the way up to an enormous butcher’s cleaver.  All of them were honed to a keen edge.  A smaller case held whetstones.
There was definitely a pattern emerging.
The collection of pots, pans—and a complete set of fine porcelain plates, cups, and bowls—confirmed his hypothesis.  Will stored them away, feeling disappointed.  If he was willing to sell them, he could probably finance several more terms.  The silver tea set and cutlery cinched that idea, but he couldn’t bring himself to consider it.  I bet those are from Aislinn’s dowry when they got married.
Even more valuable, he discovered a wide case filled with smaller square compartments.  It was a spice box, and as with everything else, the contents were still fresh and fragrant.  Thus far, Will had found everything one might need to prepare a meal for a prince.  The old man had been rich.  But where’s the money?
A tall pile of neatly folded blankets, sheets, and two pillows appeared once he had put the boxes back in storage.  Will smiled.  He was saved from purchasing bedding.  Moving those aside, he found a collection of vials sitting loose on the floorboards.  They were labeled ‘elixir of turyn,’ and when he counted them, he arrived at the number twenty-three.  He couldn’t imagine why Arrogan had stored so many, though.  Elixir of turyn wasn’t that useful unless you were starved for turyn, and that was something his training had ensured wouldn’t be a problem.
Near the door to the room, Will found something he was intimately familiar with, his grandfather’s antler cap.  Near it was a modestly sized tent, something he had frequently dealt with in the army.  Beside it was a large coil of rope.  He stored them both away and surveyed the empty room, feeling somewhat letdown.  While he wouldn’t have to worry about starving for a very long time, and all of the items were useful, there hadn’t been any magical artifacts or money.
He found a neatly folded item of clothing on the floor underneath where the tent had lain.  It was dark in color, though since he had adjusted his vision for starlight he couldn’t be entirely sure what color it might be in the light of day.  Unfolding it, he saw that it was an elegantly made robe.  The material was soft and smooth, and the edges were decorated with silver embroidery.  Will saw no sign of magic, however.  He admired it for a moment, then stored it.
What the hell had Aislinn given him? He seriously doubted it was a clay jar filled with meat.  Perhaps it was the porcelain?  Then his eye lit upon a small object in the corner of the room—a book.
Will grinned.  He picked it up and read the title, Practical Magic.  “Yes!” he exclaimed.
“What did you find, your virginity?  Never mind, a bumbling blockhead like you would never manage to lose that,” said the ring.
“A book,” whispered Will.  “Practical Magic.”
“Oh, that old thing,” said the ring.  “You might find that useful.  He wrote that back when he was just getting started.  It’s full of simple spells, though most of them have the potential to get you tossed in prison if they catch you using them.”
Will frowned.  “Why’s that?”
“Thumb through the pages.  Even an idiot like you will see what I mean.”
He dismissed the limnthal.  He was getting tired of the ring’s constant criticism.  Will then climbed back into his bunk and opened the book.  There was no title page or preamble.  The first page was blank, and the second held a detailed diagram and description for a spell that was titled ‘Silent Thief.’  From what he could see, it was identical in function to the spell that Selene had used to keep his armor quiet when they had raided the camp in Barrowden.
The next page held a spell for light, with two variants.  One produced normal light, but the other created a mage light, meaning it gave off light in the same manner turyn did, so non-mages wouldn’t be able to see it.  Neither version interested Will much.  The trick Tailtiu had taught him for adjusting his vision was superior in most instances.  It might be useful if he wanted to provide light for others, though.
He began to chuckle when he turned to the third page.  It was titled ‘A Universal Spell for Unlocking.’  Was Arrogan a thief when he was younger?  Given how firm the old man had been about debts and obligations it seemed unlikely, but then again, a person could probably change a lot over the course of six-hundred years.  He decided he would ask the ring tomorrow.
Tucking the book underneath one of his newly acquired pillows, Will drifted off to sleep.
***
“Will.”  Seth was shaking his shoulder.
He opened bleary eyes and stared at his roommate.  Dawn was just beginning to filter through the window, blinding him.  Will closed his eyes and returned his eyesight to normal, making the soft light bearable.  “What?”
“Did you go somewhere last night?”
“Why?”
Seth held something up.  “I found this on the floor.”
Once his eyes focused, Will realized it was a large and somewhat bloody steak.  His mouth fell open as he struggled to think of an explanation that his roommate would accept.  “Uh—”
“Do you think someone’s playing a prank on us?” asked Seth.
That’s a damned expensive prank, thought Will.  Who would waste a prime cut to play a joke?  He didn’t say that, however.  Instead he replied, “Probably.”
“Do you think it’s still good?”
Will sat up and shrugged.  “It’s been on the floor overnight, and who knows what they did to it before that.  You should get rid of it.”  It hurt him to say.  The cut of beef weighed at least two pounds and he was sure if it was still good, a few hours on the floor weren’t enough to spoil it.  A quick rinse and it could easily be made into a stew or pie.
Seth stopped beside their small trash bin, uncertainty in his eyes.
“Don’t put it in there,” snapped Will.  “It’ll stink up the whole room.”
Unsure what to do, Seth eyed the window.
Channeling his grandfather, Will found himself swearing internally, Fucking moron.  “Don’t you dare toss it out the window.  Put it in the chamber pot.”
“Then what?” asked his roommate.
Will smiled evilly.  “Today it’s your turn to empty it.”
“I didn’t even use it!” protested Seth.
“Sorry.  Them’s the rules.  I just abide by them.”  Will pulled on his trousers and ran out of the room laughing.  He didn’t want to be late for fencing practice.
Chapter 9
His classes passed uneventfully, though he was continuing to get a sinking feeling in his stomach every time he went to Composition.  Professor Conrad had assigned them an essay with what she felt was a simple topic, a self-introduction, but Will had no idea what he should write.
After Spell Theory, he was interested to discover what Professor Dulaney would start him on, but he was disappointed when it turned out to be a spell for changing colors.
“No!  What are you doing?” interrupted the professor for perhaps the tenth time.  “Keep your runes thin and delicate.  If you put that much turyn into them you’ll not only be wasting your life but you’ll also color far more than the vase you’re working on.”
Will kept his eyes on the vase.  “It’s a temporary effect anyway.  It doesn’t matter if I color more than the vase.”
“You’d still be wasting your life.  Besides, this spell is a preliminary for a spell that is permanent.  Mess that one up and you’ll ruin my desk.  Hell, you might even permanently stain me some hideous shade of purple,” argued the professor.
“You could just overwrite it,” suggested Will.
“No.  You could.  I wouldn’t waste my life on something like that.  Besides, do you realize how hard it is to match skin tones?  How would I explain that to my wife?  ‘Sure, honey, I’ve gotten a permanent tan,’ or ‘No, dear, I love being the color of milk.’  I’d prefer to just stay the shade I was born with.”
Will couldn’t help but chuckle.
“You may think it sounds funny, but it would be far better for you to just learn to do the spell properly.”
“I thought you told me the color change remains limited to the object I define during the casting,” countered Will.
“It should, but if you put that much power into it it’s almost guaranteed to bleed over.  A bucket can only hold so much water.  Even if you don’t care about wasting your life, you still need to learn finesse or your spells will only ruin whatever they touch,” lectured Dulaney.
He sighed and started over, doing his best to keep the runes small and fine.  He still failed to satisfy the professor.  “Maybe if we start with something simpler.”
Professor Dulaney shook his head.  “This is a first-order spell.  They don’t get much simpler than this.”
Will furrowed his brow.  “Order?”
Dulaney waved a hand dismissively.  “I’m not talking about order versus chaos, I’m referring to the complexity of the spell.  Every spell is graded according to its complexity and difficulty.  Spells like ‘light’ or the source-link spell are the simplest, so we don’t classify them, though some people call them zero-order, or cantrips.  Most spells are at least first-order, such as this one.”
“What are higher-order spells like?” asked Will.  “Are they things like battle magics?”
The professor scoffed.  “We don’t teach battle magic.  No, high-order spells are things that require complex rules or that produce complex and subtle effects.  For example, a few years ago one of our better students produced a new cleaning spell that completely eliminates the need for all the simpler, single-purpose cleaning spells.  Her spell was classified as eighth-order, meaning it requires a very high degree of skill to successfully cast.”
“Selene,” muttered Will.
“Her Highness,” said Dulaney firmly.  “Don’t let anyone catch you referring to her with such familiarity.  And yes, she was the originator of the spell.”
“So, what were the simpler, single-purpose spells like?” asked Will, ignoring the rebuff.
“Suppose you wanted to clean a rug,” said Dulaney.  “There’s a spell for that, but it’s only good for rugs.  You can’t use it for wood floors, or even fabrics like clothing or sheets.  Or maybe you want a spell to polish your shoes.  There’s a spell for that, but it’s only good for leather shoes.  If you want to clean cloth shoes you have to learn a different spell.  Most of those spells are second or third-order, which means they’re much easier to learn and use.”
“Then what’s the use of her creating a much more difficult cleaning spell?”
“Well, although it’s much harder to learn, it does it all.  You can define an area, and anything within that area will be properly cleaned, polished, washed, dusted—whatever is appropriate.  Conversely, if you limit the area to a single object, perhaps the shoes from my earlier example, it will perform just that task but with only the minimal amount of turyn required.  The princess purification spell is hard to learn, but once you’ve mastered it, it’s the only cleaning spell you would ever need to know.”
“Princess purification?”
The professor smirked.  “That’s what we call it, though she hates the name.”
“How long before I can learn it?”
Dulaney laughed.  “That depends on you.  If you apply yourself, maybe two years, but we don’t teach that spell.”
“Why not?”
“Haven’t you listened to anything I’ve said?  Casting spells requires the expenditure of your life.  Do you think any wizard would want to burn a day or two of his life to clean a room or do his laundry?  We have a separate class for sorcerers who want to learn utility spells like that, but few of them bother to put in the effort.  It’s easier just to have a servant do it.
“Remember, as wizards, we only use magic to do things that are impossible to accomplish in a mundane fashion.  Anything else is foolishness,” finished the professor.
Speak for yourself, thought Will.  I’d love to save money on my laundry, and it doesn’t cost me my life to cast spells.  He couldn’t say any of that, however, so he simply nodded.
“Back to your practice.  Try again, and don’t even think about releasing your spell unless I say it’s been done properly.”
Will didn’t manage to meet the professor’s expectations before their time came to an end, so he returned to the dorm.  Since he had been exempted from the regular Alchemy class and it wasn’t a day he had to report for duty as an assistant, he had quite a bit of free time looming over his head.  Naturally, he decided it would be to his benefit to continue his practice.
Back in his room, he tried assembling the color change spell.  He had gotten quite good at this, although the runes were still too thick and turyn-infused to make the professor happy.  What the hell, thought Will.  Let’s see what happens.
He focused on the chair at his desk and released the spell.  Within seconds, everything in the room turned a lurid shade of purple.  This included Will himself.  His clothes, skin, fingernails, hair, all of it had gone purple.  “Oh, shit,” he exclaimed.  He began to hyperventilate before remembering that the color change was temporary.  What if I had used the permanent version?  The consequence of that was too terrible to think about.
Even the book on his bunk, still hidden under his pillow, had turned the color of a ripe plum.  Will opened it and thumbed through the pages.  There was no writing to be seen.  Every page was a perfectly uniform shade of nausea-inducing purple.  He could only hope that when the spell wore off the writing would again be visible.
“I wonder how long that will be?” muttered Will.  “Did he say one hour, or was it two?”  Then he groaned.  Supper would be served in less than an hour.  “I can’t go down there like this!”
It was then that the door opened, and Seth walked in, whistling a simple tune to himself.  He came to a sudden stop, staring wildly around him, then at Will.  “Sweet Mother Temarah!  What the fuck happened?”
Will grinned, flashing shiny, violet teeth.  “Well, it’s funny you should ask.”
Seth shivered.  “Gods!  Close your mouth.  You look like a demon when you smile.”  After a second, he added, “Actually, you look like a demon with it closed.  Can you even see?  Your eyes are a solid color, there’s no iris, white, or pupil.”
“What color would you like to be?” asked Will, feeling malicious.  He let the runes begin forming above his palms.
His roommate backed out of the room at speed.  “No, no, no!”
He dismissed the spell.  “Do you think you could bring me some food from the dining hall?  This is going to take a while to wear off.”
“We can’t take plates out of the dining hall.”
“Then you’d better run!”  Will raised his hands threateningly.  Seth was gone in less than a second.
Left alone, Will continued his practice, turning the room and himself every imaginable shade and hue he could imagine.  While Professor Dulaney had refused to let him finish the spell, probably because he thought it would be a waste of his life, Will found it more helpful to be able to see the results of his mistakes.  The amount of turyn it cost wasn’t enough to faze him in the slightest, and he absorbed enough from the environment to replace it almost as quickly as he could cast the spell.
In the span of an hour he attempted it more than a hundred times, and by the end he finally had a good grasp of what Dulaney had been attempting to teach him.  He had to keep the amount of turyn he invested in the spell minuscule to avoid it overflowing and coloring more than just his target.
Feeling more confident, he experimented with changing the color of individual objects.  He changed the glass in the window to an opaque black color.  That might be helpful if I ever want to sleep during the daytime.  He restored his clothing to colors that resembled what they had originally been, though he failed to match them perfectly.  The professor had been right, getting a hue to match the original was incredibly difficult.
He tried to get his own skin tone right and failed repeatedly, although at least he no longer looked like a monster.  A multitude of ideas occurred to him.  He could make his hair different colors or change his eyes.  Or I could turn my teeth red if I wanted to scare someone.  Will grinned at the thought.
“Or I could change my clothes,” Will said aloud.  The possibilities were endless.
He grew bored after a while.  He’d mastered the spell and he needed to stop if he wanted the room to return to its previous state.  Sitting down at the desk, he used the limnthal to produce a loaf of bread and some butter to slather it with.  Once he had finished that, he lay down on his bunk and took a nap.  In future he would keep the book inside the limnthal.  Accidentally coloring it had made him realize how vulnerable the valuable tome was if he left it out.
When he opened his eyes again, he realized he had slept through the night.  Looking out the window, he guessed that dawn was still several hours away, so he pulled the book Aislinn had given him out from under his pillow and adjusted his eyesight until he could read it.  He was relieved to see that it had returned to its former color and that the writing within was once again legible.
Will opened it and studied the first few pages again.  ‘Silent Thief’ wasn’t extremely difficult from what he could judge with his limited experience, but it was still a bit more complicated than he felt comfortable attempting.  The unlocking spell was definitely out of reach for him, so he turned to the light spell.  It was even simpler than the color spell he had already learned.  Glancing over the page, he recited the runes to himself.  There were only five required to form the construct, so he quickly assembled them and turned the spell loose.
The world went white, and pain shot through Will’s eyes.  His vision was still adapted for maximum sensitivity.  He pulled his pillow over his face and dismissed the spell, though he continued to see a purple afterglow behind his lids.
“Will?  What was that?” came Seth’s tremulous voice from the bottom bunk.
“Sorry,” he apologized.  “I was just experimenting.  Go back to sleep.”
“Please don’t kill me in my sleep,” begged Seth, his voice entirely serious.
Will chuckled.  “I won’t.  Don’t worry.  It was just a light.  I’ll be more careful.”
“Don’t dye me purple either,” Seth pleaded.  “I’d die of embarrassment if I had to go to class like that.”
“I won’t.  I promise.”  Will switched to the mage light version of the spell.  It was just as easy, and since Seth hadn’t awakened his sight yet, he didn’t think it would bother his roommate’s sleep.
This time he returned his eyesight to normal first, but the spell was still blindingly bright.  He would need to learn to adjust the amount of power he put into it, just as he had with the color spell.  Another idea came to him then.  Can I adjust my sensitivity to the light produced by turyn, the same way I can for normal light?
He left the light burning and began experimenting with his vision.  It turned out he could indeed adjust his sensitivity.  Could that be useful?  Will dismissed the mage light and created a single glowing rune above his palm.  Then he adjusted his eyesight until it seemed to burn brightly.  With practice, it might make it easier for him to see faint traces of turyn.  Whether that would be useful in the future or not, he had no idea.
Will practiced with the light spell until he had it down pat.  The amount of light it provided could vary greatly, depending on how much turyn he pumped into it when it was cast. I bet Dulaney never uses more than enough to make it glow like a candle, thought Will wryly.  No, scratch that, he’d save the turyn and find a candle.
He shook his head.  Arrogan was right.  Modern wizardry had fallen into dark times, whether they had refined the science of it or not.  What good was a wizard who wouldn’t use magic?
Chapter 10
His classes went smoothly over the next couple of days, though Will still felt a stab of existential dread every time he went to his Composition class.  The only thing that made him feel better on that front was that Seth had promised to give him a hand writing his first essay over the weekend.
At lunch time on Friday he encountered Rob and the two sat down to eat together, so Will brought up a topic that had been on his mind.  “Do you know Dennis Spry?”
Rob’s mouth was full, so he nodded as he chewed.  After a second, he answered, “Of course.  He’s the son of Reginal Spry, the earl.”
“He invited me to go to a gathering at Malview House tonight.”
Rob’s eyes went wide.  “You’re moving up in the world!”
“Maybe,” said Will sourly, then he recounted the circumstances of his first meeting with Dennis.
“Wow.  You must have a death wish.  Why do you think he invited you after that?”
Will shrugged.  “That’s what I don’t understand.”
Rob waved his fork in Will’s direction.  “There’s only two possibilities.  Either he thinks you’re important because of the king’s sponsorship, or he wants to humiliate you.”
“I don’t trust him,” Will observed.  “I heard him saying something to Janice Edelman about her writing his essay for him.”
His friend snorted.  “Nothing new there.  She ought to write it.  His father is the one paying her tuition.”
“Huh?”
Rob nodded.  “She’s not the only one.  There are a number of students here who have been sponsored by this or that nobleman.  Most of the time it’s when they have a son or daughter here.  They sponsor a commoner and then their precious children have someone they can order around.  I guess it helps them adjust to having to live here without servants.”
“That’s awful,” said Will.
“Maybe,” replied Rob.  “There’d be fewer commoners here if they didn’t, though.  Not many families are wealthy enough to send their children here.  On the other side, if the nobility didn’t do that, there wouldn’t be enough wizards graduating to fill all the jobs.  It’s a win-win.  The college gets more students and money, some poor kids get opportunities to better themselves, and the nobles get more wizards to serve them.”
Will could imagine Arrogan’s foul response if he had heard that line, and Will felt much the same.  “Don’t a lot of the graduates stay at Wurthaven?”
“A few do,” said Rob.  “Most take service with this or that lord for twenty or thirty years.”
“Twenty or thirty years?”
“Until they die.”
Will gaped.  “They die that young?”
Rob nodded.  “Haven’t you been listening in Spell Theory?  Few wizards manage to forego using their magic enough to live a normal lifespan.  Most of those that do are academics.  It’s not all bad, though.  Those who take service with the nobility usually die with money.  It makes a big difference for their families.”
“What about you?” asked Will.  “Are you satisfied with that?”
His friend grinned.  “That’s why I’m focusing on alchemy.  Who do you think helps Karlovic out on the days you aren’t there?”
“Oh, right, you’re one of his assistants too.”
“Yep.  I work the days you don’t.  Although unlike you, my lucky friend, I had to spend a year worming my way into his good graces to get the job.”
Will returned to his original topic.  “What do I do about the invitation?”
Rob mulled it over.  “If you want to make sure he dislikes you, ignore it.  If you want to mend your fences, go, but be cautious.”
He made a sour face.  “Caution hasn’t really been a strong point of mine for a while now.  Maybe you should spell it out for me.”
“Go, don’t drink much, and leave early.  In fact, make sure you have a good excuse to leave before you get there.  That way you won’t have to make one up on the spot when things start getting ugly.”  Rob grinned.  “I mean if things start getting ugly.”
“You’re really boosting my confidence,” said Will.
“Just trying to be realistic.”  Rob stopped suddenly as something occurred to him.  “Oh, be sure to bring a gift.  Dennis probably doesn’t expect you to, but he could embarrass you if you don’t have something.”
“What sort of gift?”
“Something to drink maybe,” offered Rob.
That made Will feel better.  Nothing like a solid plan of action, and he already had a gift.  There were quite a few bottles of wine stored within the limnthal.
***
Malview House was small compared to most of the college buildings, but as houses went, Will found it rather impressive.  It was a wood-framed structure that stood three stories tall with broad windows and columns supporting two balconies above a wide porch.  The house faced a green lawn, across which stood a complementary building named the Primrose House.  The two buildings served to house students of noble birth who were deemed too valuable to be rubbing elbows with regular students in the dormitories.
As a result, there were only twelve boys living in Malview, though the place easily had room for twenty.  Dennis Spry and his housemates were also sorcerers, as it would have been unthinkable for people of their standing to not have been granted elementals.
Will had never been to a party before, unless one counted the annual harvest festival in Barrowden, but he had put on his best clothes and used the color-changing spell to dye them in a bright shade of red with white accents at the collar and cuffs.  It had been Rob’s idea of course, and he felt rather conspicuous wearing them.
As he approached the front of the house, he saw that a fair collection of the party-goers were on the second-floor balcony.  Whistles went up as they spied his bright clothing and one leaned over to call out to him.  “You’re looking smart today, Cartwright!”  The voice belonged to Chris Burnham, who Will knew from his Fencing class.
He grinned and waved.  “Thanks!”
The front door was open, and a student he didn’t recognize greeted him, though guessing by the fellow’s clothing he was one of the resident’s sponsored commoners.  Will handed the other boy the bottle of wine.  Then he turned as someone’s hand descended onto his shoulder.
“Will!” said Dennis loudly.  “I hoped you would come!”  He looked past Will to the bottle.  “You brought wine?  How thoughtful.  Let’s see what it is.”
Will didn’t detect any sign of animosity in Dennis’ voice, but he wondered what the young lordling would say if he didn’t like the wine.  “It was just something I had lying around,” said Will modestly.
Dennis took the bottle and turned it over in his hands.  “A Movelli Red from Darrow,” said Dennis with surprise.  “From 751?  This is older than we are!  You’ve outdone yourself, William.”
Was that good?  Will had no idea, but from Dennis’ expression it seemed that he had brought a decent gift.  He shrugged.  “I didn’t know what to bring, but I figured I couldn’t go wrong with wine at a party.”
“I’m not even sure if we should open this here,” admitted Dennis.  “I’m not an expert, but I believe this is a valuable vintage.”
Will smiled.  “Well, it’s a gift, so you’re welcome to do whatever you please with it.”  His eyes roamed across the front room, examining the faces.  Some of them were familiar, but he couldn’t put names to them.  Then he spotted Janice Edelman standing on the opposite side of the room, chatting with another boy.  She met his gaze briefly, then looked away.
Dennis leaned in and whispered in a conspiratorial tone, “You’ve got a thing for her, don’t you?”
He shook his head.  “I wouldn’t say that.  She’s in a few of my classes, but I haven’t had much luck getting her to talk to me.”
“Play your cards right and she might do more than talk to you tonight,” said Dennis, giving him a wink.
Will wasn’t sure what to make of that statement, so he kept his face neutral.  “I should meet some of the other guests,” he said, to deflect from the topic.
“Feel free.  The drinks are in the kitchen.”  Dennis pointed toward an open door that led off to the right.  “You should arm yourself with a glass before you start carousing.”
He took the advice and met another fellow in the kitchen who introduced himself, “Mark Townsend.  I’m a third-year so we haven’t met before.  Want some wine?”
“Will Cartwright.”
The other boy grinned as he poured a glass of wine.  “Oh, I know.”
“You do?”
Mark nodded, handing him the glass.  “Everyone has heard of Wurthaven’s war hero, not to mention you’re sponsored by the king.  You’re big news lately.”  He leaned closer.  “They even say you’ve met Princess Selene.  Is that true?”
Will had no idea what to say.  “Well, I was at the palace for a week.”  He hadn’t seen Selene there, but it seemed a more reasonable response than to break open the topic of his time in the army.
“Even that is remarkable,” observed Mark.  “She doesn’t appear in public very often.  I met her a few times, though.”
“You did?”
Mark sipped his own glass.  “Mmm-hmm.  She was finishing her last year when I started.  She was rather famous on campus, and not just because of her father.  If she hadn’t been a royal, she would have had a bright future as an academic.”
“I had no idea,” said Will diplomatically.
“Most of us just enjoy ourselves while we’re here,” Mark told him.  “We get by, doing the bare minimum just to finish our time, but she was a role model of academic success.”
“She probably had a lot of pressure on her,” suggested Will.  “Being the daughter of a king, she wouldn’t want to make a poor showing.”
“Perhaps,” said Mark noncommittally.  “You should go mingle.”
“How about you?”
Mark smiled.  “Don’t worry about me.  I like pouring drinks.  It makes me feel important.  Plus, this way I get to see everyone at the party.”  He swung his arms out in a dramatic fashion.  “Everyone comes here eventually.”
Will returned to the common area and began to circulate, introducing himself and promptly forgetting the names of most of the people he met.  The conversations were short and superficial, and almost everyone asked him about his time in the army, which only served to give him the impetus to move on.
At some point someone began playing on a harpsichord that sat in an adjoining room, giving the party a strange yet whimsical air.  Will nursed his first glass of wine for nearly an hour and he still had a few sips left when he eventually found himself standing beside Janice.
“Are you enjoying the party?” he asked her, feeling more confident after an hour of socializing.
There was a certain wariness in her eyes when she answered, “As much as I can, I suppose.”  She sipped at her drink, which appeared to be simple water.
“You don’t like wine?” asked Will.
Her expression hardened.  “It wouldn’t be wise for me to drink here.”
Will laughed, trying to lighten the mood.  “That’s why I’ve been stretching this one glass out for an hour.”
“I don’t think our reasons are quite the same,” said Janice sourly, then she spotted Dennis heading toward them and her face changed.  She smiled brightly and pointed at Will’s coat.  “You outdid yourself.  That fabric must have cost a fortune.”
“Not as much as you might think,” said Will, giving her a wink.  Then he studied her dress.  Unlike some of the noble ladies in attendance, her dress was a simple affair of dark green with a minimal amount of lace at the cuffs.  “Personally, I think you’re the belle of the ball tonight.”
Janice raised a brow and nodded in the direction of a girl wearing a brilliant yellow gown with matching earrings of gold and topaz.  “Surely you jest.”
“You can dress a pig in ribbons and bows, but it’s still just a pig,” said Will softly.
She put a hand up to cover her mouth as she laughed, and then Dennis arrived, carrying two full glasses of red wine.  He offered one to Janice.  “No, thank you,” she demurred.
“I insist,” said Dennis.  “You must have at least one tonight.”
Will didn’t like the young nobleman’s forceful manner, but he kept his opinion to himself.  As he had learned from Rob, Janice’s situation was complicated, and he wouldn’t be doing her any favors by interjecting himself into it.
The young woman accepted the glass, but she held it without taking a sip.  Dennis casually draped his arm over her shoulder and Will saw him run a finger along the edge of her ear.  “Have you been enjoying the party?” the young lord asked her.
“Yes,” said Janice, but her tone said the opposite.  Watching Dennis’ overly familiar actions had the hair on the back of Will’s neck standing up.
Dennis turned to Will, forcing Janice to turn with him.  “Did you know that Janice has an incredible talent?”
Will’s throat felt dry and his shoulders were beginning to ache from the tension in his shoulders.  “No, I didn’t.”
There was an evil gleam in the young lord’s eye.  “You should guess what it is.  I’ll give you a hint.”  With his free hand he touched the young woman’s lips, then ran a finger down her throat.  “It involves this, and this.”
Janice had gone scarlet, while Will’s mind was blank.  The world around him seemed to beat in time with the loud drumming of his heart.  He was too angry to even speak.
“Don’t look so serious!  She can sing!” Dennis exclaimed with laughter, then his eyes narrowed.  “What did you think I meant?”
Janice’s eyes held desperation as she looked at Will, but he wasn’t sure whether she was pleading with him to keep the peace or start a war.  He looked down and saw that his fists were clenched, so he made a conscious effort to relax.
“You should sing a song, Janice. This is a party after all,” said the young lord.
“I’d rather not,” she replied quietly.
Dennis smiled.  “But you should!  Otherwise my new friend here will think that I was just being crude.  You need to prove otherwise.  Besides, I’m sure your father would be proud to hear that you shared your gift with such an esteemed crowd.”
The way the young man emphasized the word ‘father’ seemed to unsettle Janice.  She lifted the forgotten glass in her hand and took a long swallow.  “I don’t think I know anything suited to a party.”
“Doesn’t matter.  Sing that aria you sang last year in the Great Hall.  Father loved it.  He wouldn’t stop talking about it for days.  I’m sure it was a large part of the reason he sponsored you,” said Dennis.  Then he turned and cast his eyes about, searching the crowd.  “Chris!”  He pointed.  “You can play Lord Mallow’s Ballad, right?”
Chris nodded and went to the harpsichord while the others cleared the center of the common area to make room for Janice’s performance.  The young woman drank the rest of her glass and set it aside before smoothing her skirts.
Will found himself nervously standing on one side of the room.  His anxiety was on her behalf, but when Janice raised her head and gazed at the crowd her shy demeanor was gone, replaced by calm confidence.  The harpsichord began playing a gentle melody, and when her lips parted the sounds that issued from them silenced the room as every student turned their attention to her performance.
Will had little experience with music, but it would take a fool not to realize that what he was hearing was something beyond the ken of ordinary men and women.  Janice’s voice rose, soaring to the heavens before trickling downward like rain to grace the grateful earth.  He stood in awe, and while there were certainly words to her song, he was too stunned to comprehend them.  Reality fell away, replaced by an aural experience of celestial glory.
When she finished, the crowd remained silent for several long seconds before breaking into a tumultuous round of applause and cheers.  Dennis walked over to Will.  “See what I mean?”
Stunned, Will nodded.
“You probably thought I was bullying her but trust me, she loves to shine.  She just needs a bit of coaxing to get her out of her shell.”
Will still didn’t trust the young lord, but he wondered if perhaps he had misinterpreted things.  Was his own prejudice coloring his vision of Dennis in much the same way that it had his perception of Selene?  Certainly, the young man was privileged, self-important, and overly assertive, but perhaps he wasn’t as malicious as Will had thought.
Janice was surrounded by admirers, but after a few minutes she made her way back to him.  “Did you like it?” she asked, her eyelids drooping slightly.
“I’ve never heard anything like it,” said Will honestly.  “With a voice like that you could perform anywhere.”
“That’s what my mother always said, but it landed me here,” replied Janice, who emphasized her response with a quick twirl.
Something was off.  Being enthusiastic after a performance was one thing, but it was too big a change from her usual personality.  Janice’s eyes were impossibly blue as she stared back at him, but it seemed as though they weren’t focusing properly.  Would one glass of wine do that? wondered Will.  Is that why she didn’t drink, she can’t handle alcohol?
She lost interest in him almost immediately and wandered away, a mild sway in her steps.  He watched her go, wondering if he should worry, but another woman approached and distracted him.
“I don’t believe we’ve met,” said the young woman, extending her hand.  “Stephanie Beresford.”
“William Cartwright,” he responded, bowing over her knuckles for a second without quite touching his lips to them.  “It’s a pleasure.”
“I’ve heard a lot about you,” she responded.  “Do you like my dress?”
It’s horrible, thought Will, studying the pink and lavender concoction that draped her figure.  “It suits you,” he replied.  He entertained her questions for several minutes, but quickly tired of describing how sweaty and muscular the men in the army were, which seemed to be the only thing she was interested in.  As soon as he got the opportunity, he excused himself.
Will made a slow circuit of the room, but Janice was nowhere to be seen, and after a minute he realized that Dennis and a few others were also notably absent.  Finally, he stopped by the kitchen.
“Another glass?” asked Mark.
“No, I’m looking for Dennis.”
“I think he went upstairs,” said the other man without inflection.  After a moment’s hesitation he added, “You should go up too, if you’re interested in that sort of thing.”
Confused, Will headed for the staircase and started up.  At the landing for the second floor he saw nothing but empty hallways, but he could hear voices coming from the third floor above.  “Five crowns if you want a turn, Chris.”  It was Dennis’ voice.
Something clicked in Will’s mind then and he remembered Janice’s eyes.  They hadn’t been simply blue, her pupils had been tiny, almost pinpoints.  Tincture of opium, he realized.  He’d seen the effects in his mother’s patients many times.  That bastard put it in her wine!
“Five is too much,” countered Chris.  “Maybe if I was first, but not for third.”
“Too bad,” said someone else.  “I paid seven for second.”
Will felt paralyzed.  There were at least three people on the third floor, and it wouldn’t do him any good to start a fight with any of them.  They were obviously wealthy, noblemen, and utterly lacking in any sort of morality he was familiar with.  His heart was pounding as fear and anger fought a short, vicious battle within him.
The moment passed, and a calm settled over him as he began climbing the steps to the third floor.  When he reached the top he spotted Dennis, along with Chris Burnham and another student he had met only a short while ago, Brett Conn.
Dennis called out when he saw him appear.  “There he is, our number one!”
“Why is he first?” complained Brett.
Dennis ignored the question.  “Will!  Mark told me that wine you brought is worth at least fifty crowns.  Did you know that?”
Will walked toward them slowly.  “No.  I didn’t.”
“That’s why I decided to give you a special gift in return,” said Dennis, nodding toward the bedroom door behind him.  “Would you like to have a little time alone with Janice?  I promise, she’s in an excellent mood.”
Chapter 11
The leering grin on the other man’s face filled Will with fury, but he kept his features blank.  He wanted to be close before he started swinging.  If he could put one down quickly, he might have a chance with the other two.  There was always magic, of course, but all three of the other men were sorcerers and even if he succeeded, he knew there were rules against using magic against other students.
As it was, he would likely be expelled anyway, simply for angering three of the wealthiest and most important students.  Another thought occurred to him as he came abreast of them.  Without thinking, he began to talk.  “You’ll really let me go first?”
Chris and Brett gave him frustrated looks, but Dennis positively glowed.  “Of course!  Anything for my new friend.”
“How long can I have?” asked Will, hoping his acting wasn’t as poor as Selene had so often said.
“Half an hour,” returned Dennis, “though I doubt it will take you that long.”
The bile was rising in his throat, but Will managed to continue.  “Is she tied down or anything?”
“Not necessary,” said Dennis, flashing a small glass vial from the inside of his coat.  “She’s as docile as a lamb.”  He opened the door and gestured for Will to enter.  “Be gentle, my friend.  You’re her first.”
Will stood still as the door closed behind him, trying to collect his thoughts.  Janice was still dressed, lying on a small but elegant bed that sat on the right side of the room.  He thought she was asleep, but after a moment he saw the light reflecting from her eyes as she stared at him glassily.  He approached slowly.  I’ve got half an hour, he reminded himself.  “Are you all right?” he asked softly.
Her gaze followed his movements, but the only sound that emerged from her throat was unintelligible.  Will saw a small line of drool trailing from the side of Janice’s mouth.  The sight made him furious all over again.  He put a palm against her cheek, noting the cool, clammy feel of her skin.  He gave her too much, Will noted worriedly, moving his hand to hover beneath Janice’s nose.  She was still breathing, but slowly.
Surveying the room, he could see only one way out other than the door, which was obviously not an option. A small window, barely wider than his shoulders, faced the back of the house.  Will opened it and looked out, making note of the long drop to the ground below.  It was much too far to jump, not that Janice was in any condition for such a feat.  Glancing from side to side, he saw no pipes or other features that would enable a climb.
I’m screwed, he thought.  A sudden inspiration came to him, and he called up the limnthal so he could talk to his ring.  After a quick description of his situation, it gave him a short answer.  “Make a rope with the bedsheets and climb down,” suggested the testy ring.  “Then get the fuck out of here.”
“How am I going to climb and carry her with me?”
“Forget the girl.  Just run,” said the ring.  “None of this is your fault, so unless you want to cement your relationship with young lord needle-dick out there by taking advantage of the girl, your only option is to run.”
“You’re suggesting I find someone in authority and report it,” said Will hopefully.
“Grow up.  The only way that would work would be if the girl on the bed was one of the ladies from the Primrose House you mentioned.  Why do you think they chose a peasant?  The daddies of these rich little bastards own the place and everyone out there knows it.  No one is going to stick their nose into this shit show.  Just get out,” advised the ring.
“Shut up,” ordered Will.  He wasn’t about to leave Janice alone, but the ring had given him an idea.  There was rope stored inside the limnthal, and the bedsheets could be put to a different use.
He summoned the rope, then went to the bed and carefully lifted Janice and laid her down on the floor to one side.  Removing the heavy, quilted coverlet, he spread it out on the floor at the foot of the bed, then moved Janice, putting her on one edge of it.  That done, he rolled her up in the quilt so that only her head was visible, sticking out at one end.
Using a filet knife from the limnthal, he cut several lengths from the rope and tied the bundle in four places, at her feet, knees, waist, and below her shoulders.  Then he tied short sections from each of the four places together and used an ugly knot to put the whole thing together at the end of the rest of the rope.  Sergeant Nash would have been disappointed at his display of poor ropework, but when he tested the joins they held.
Picking up the feminine bundle, Will returned to the window and discovered that pushing a human-sized object out of it was easier said than done.  He fumbled for several minutes, grunting and wheezing, before getting Janice outside, whereupon he promptly lost his grip.  She fell several feet before he caught hold of the rope and managed to bring her to a stop by slamming his head and shoulders into the window frame.
He froze, listening to see if the men outside the room would come bursting in, but no one entered.  Then he began lowering Janice to the ground, feeling the coarse rope burn his hands.  It was a relief when she finally touched bottom and the line went slack.
Will went back to the bed and tied the other end of the rope to the leg of the bed.  Pulling it taut, he worked his way back to the window and tossed the rest out of the window before easing out and walking his way down the side of the house.  Once there, he reached as high as he could and cut the rope, then he did the same close to the point where it attached to his bundle of Janice.
All told, he had probably lost around forty or fifty feet of his once impressive piece of cordage, but he felt it was more than worth it.  Storing the rest in his ring, he considered the bundle at his feet.
Janice was completely unconscious now, and Will panicked for a moment until he confirmed that she was, in fact, still breathing.  Even though she was probably of an average weight for a young lady at her age, carrying her would still be a significant burden.  He would have preferred to carry her over his shoulder, but given the drug in her system, he worried she would stop breathing completely.  Squatting down, he slipped one arm beneath her knees and the other behind her back and stood up.  Then he began to walk, heading away from Malview House in a straight line.
He couldn’t afford to circle around to the front until he had gotten well away, otherwise he would risk being seen by the partygoers.  That would add a considerable distance to his journey, but it also had the advantage of taking him in the direction they were least likely to search.  The back of Malview House faced east, away from the center of the campus, away from the dorms, away from any reasonable destination he might have chosen.
Another advantage was the lack of lighting.  By the time Will had covered thirty yards, darkness covered him.  There were modern gas lamps on the campus, but those lights were only located near the larger buildings.  Fortunately, light wasn’t a problem for him.  Will adjusted his eyesight until the half-moon and starlight provided ample illumination.
After a hundred yards, his arms and back were burning.  He focused his turyn to improve his stamina and kept going until they were close to the wall that separated Wurthaven’s green lawns from the rest of Cerria.  Will found a large laurel hedge and deposited Janice beside it.  He checked her breathing again.
That done, he untied the knots around the quilt and gently extracted her from the bundle.  He wasn’t comfortable letting her lie prone, so he lifted her by the shoulders and pulled her with him until his back was to the wall, then he sat down and propped her up against his chest.  His mother had always cautioned him that people with breathing problems should never lay flat.
Then he waited.
Aside from the stone wall digging into his back, it was peaceful.  Using his foot, he managed to pull the quilt close enough so he could grab it, then he settled it over Janice’s legs and torso to help keep her warm.  Five or six hours, he told himself.  It should start wearing off by then.  If she can make it that long, she’ll be fine.  He wasn’t entirely sure of the time, but at a guess that would be somewhere between midnight and dawn.  He was glad he didn’t have class the next day.
With nothing to do, his thoughts quickly began to drift.  The night was cool, but the warmth from her body soon had him sweating, though not unpleasantly so.  He might have slept, but for the stones digging into his back.  After a while he rested his chin on the top of her head, noting the pleasant smell of her hair.
It was at that point that his body began to take notice of Janice’s feminine charms.  It had been a long time since he had been so close to someone of the opposite gender.  He wasn’t truly tempted, though.  Instead his mind began to think of the past, when he had shared a cloak on a cold night with a certain sorceress.  Selene.  He wondered how she was getting along.  He hoped her father hadn’t been too angry with her.
Looking up, he saw the moon peeking at him over the wall and he wondered if she might be seeing it as well, wherever she was.  What would she think if she could see him now?  After a moment he decided she would likely approve.  Despite her background, Selene had never approved of those in power abusing their privilege.
“I bet she would have torn that house apart if she’d been there,” Will said, chuckling lightly.  Or would she have?  He also remembered her counseling him to leave the comfort women in Barrowden behind.  It would probably depend on the situation, he decided.  Selene’s a pragmatist first and foremost.
Did that make her good or evil?  If someone only chose the good when it was practical, did that count as good?  It was certainly better than not choosing to be good at all, but it wasn’t necessarily virtuous.  Then again, Selene had frequently chosen to spend her free time feeding the poor and treating the sick.  Those actions hadn’t necessarily been practical, not for a woman in her position.
Hours passed, and eventually, Janice began to stir, seeking a more comfortable position.  Will took that as a good sign.  “Wake up,” he told her.  “Can you hear me?”
“Huh?” she asked fuzzily.
Will tried explaining the situation to her, but the young woman was still addled from the tincture of opium.  Dawn was still hours away and he didn’t want to spend the rest of the night outside, so he decided to head back to the dorms.  Will helped his companion to her feet, where she swayed, drifting gradually from side to side.  Bending down quickly, he recovered the quilt and draped it over her shoulders then stood with his back to her and bent his knees.  “Put your arms around my shoulders.”
She didn’t understand, so he was forced to reach back and take her hands so he could draw her arms around him.  Once they were in place he leaned forward, put his hands behind her thighs, and lifted her up.  Her reflexes took over then, and she held tightly to him to keep from falling.  Carrying his classmate piggyback, he began the long trek back to the dorm.
It took him half an hour to get there, whereupon he discovered that the doors were locked.  He didn’t know the resident assistant for the female dorm, nor did he want to risk Janice’s reputation by waking them and leaving an obviously intoxicated girl on the doorstep.  Instead, he parked his companion by the door to the boys’ dorm and walked around until he spotted his own window.
Will spent ten minutes or longer throwing pebbles at the window before Seth finally woke and poked his head out.  “Will?”
“Let me in!” Will hissed, his voice half whisper and half yell.  Seth nodded and disappeared.  A few minutes later, he met Will at the entrance.
“You’re not supposed to come back so late,” whined his roommate.  “They lock the doors for a reason.”
“So I’ve discovered,” said Will dryly.  Then he went and got Janice back on her feet, maneuvering her into position for another piggyback ride.
“What the hell?” exclaimed Seth.  “Is that a girl?”
Will nodded.  “I know you’ve never seen one before, but this is indeed a girl,” Will answered sarcastically.
Seth’s eyes bugged.  “You can’t bring one of those in here!”
“One of those?” asked Will.  “It’s a girl, not a desk or a chair.  I believe you’re supposed to say, ‘one of them.’”
“Whatever!  It’s against the rules.”
“Well, I’m not leaving her out here to sleep on the bench,” countered Will.  “She’s drunk and someone’s already tried to take advantage of her.”
His roommate stared at him suspiciously.  “Was it you?”
“Really?” spat Will.  “Do you think I’m wicked or stupid enough to rape someone, then carry them back to my dorm?  Does that make any sense?”
Seth shifted from one foot to the other.  “Well, I suppose when you put it that way, maybe not.  You still can’t bring her in here.”
“I am,” said Will firmly, “and you’re going to hold the door for me.”
“And if I don’t?” said Seth rebelliously.
“I’ll knock you down and lock you out.  You can try sleeping on the bench.  If you keep arguing, I’ll have her sleep on your bunk.”
“I’ll get the door.”
The two boys went through the lobby, wary lest they be caught.  “Where’s Mom?” asked Will.
“Probably sleeping in her room,” offered Seth.  “As sane people usually do at this hour.”
They got to the stairs and Will went first, carrying his semi-conscious charge on his back.  His legs began to burn fiercely after a single flight of stairs.  Then he heard a strange sound from Seth.  Will stopped at the landing and looked back.  “What?”
“Sk—skirts,” stammered Seth.  “Her skirts.”
“Yeah?  She wears them, I know.”
Seth pointed at Janice and made a few more unintelligible sounds.  After a moment Will realized what had the other boy so flustered.  The girls dress had ridden up, exposing most of her legs and some of her derriere.  In fact, his hands were now holding her by her bare hips.  Will’s face flushed.  It was a chore putting her down and getting her back up, so he simply grimaced at Seth.  “You go ahead of us.”
The next three flights of stairs were sheer torture, but they finally reached the fourth floor.  Seth checked to make sure the hall was empty and then led them to their room.  He balked when he saw Will settling Janice into the bottom bunk.  “What are you doing?” hissed Seth.  “That’s my bed!”
“You can sleep up top,” said Will with a sigh.  “I’ll take the floor.”
“But she’s in my bed!”
“I promise, you won’t catch anything,” said Will dryly.  “Didn’t you have sisters or cousins?”
Seth shook his head.
“What about a mom then?”
His roommate pointed at the girl.  “That is not my mom.”
“True enough,” said Will.  “If she was, she’d have smacked the stupid out of you by now.  Climb the damn ladder and shut up.  We’ll sneak her out in the morning, don’t worry.”
“But my sheets—”
“Seth.  You won’t get pregnant from sleeping on the same sheets a girl slept on.  Trust me.  If you’re that worried, I’ll pay to have them washed for you.  Stop being a baby.”
“Pregnant?” huffed Seth.  “I know that.”
Will pushed his roommate to the ladder, placed his hands upon it, then landed a resounding slap on the other boy’s buttock.  “Up you go!  Oh, toss me the extra pillow, the floor’s hard enough as it is.”
The pillow flew at his head a moment later, but Will caught it deftly.  Then he lay down and made himself as comfortable as he could, given the circumstances.  He was tired, and sleep came quickly.
Chapter 12
He knew something was wrong as his mind slowly surfaced, returning to the waking world.  Streamers of sunlight were shining around him, their brilliance blinding him until he realized he needed to return his vision to normal.  As the vast sea of white retreated, he saw two eyes filled with animosity staring at him from the other side of the room.
It was Janice, sitting in one of their desk chairs, which she had moved over by the door.  Off to the side of the room, Will saw Seth huddled on his bunk against the wall.  The expression on his roommate’s face was easy to read, for it screamed, ‘save me!’
Will sat up, groaning as the muscles he had abused in his arms, legs, and back made their grievances known to him.
“Would you mind explaining to me how I got here?” asked Janice’s stern voice.
His eyes darted toward Seth.  “Didn’t he tell you anything?”
Seth shrank even farther back, whispering, “I tried.”
“The only reason I didn’t run out of here yelling bloody murder is because he said you could explain,” replied Janice.  “That, and the fact that this is the boy’s dorm.”
“You don’t remember anything?” asked Will.
Her eyes narrowed.  “I remember talking to you.  I remember singing, and I remember getting sleepy.  After that it’s all a blur.  Did you give me a piggyback ride last night?”
“So, you do remember a little,” said Will.  “Yes.  I carried you back here late last night.  I couldn’t leave you there.”
“You know if they catch me here, I’ll be expelled,” accused Janice.  “And hopefully you too.  Should I thank you for that?”
“Dennis drugged you last night,” said Will, jumping straight to the point.
She blanched, then a look of puzzlement stole across her face.  “I didn’t drink.  I never do.”
“He gave you a glass of wine, right before you sang.  Remember?”
She did.  “If you knew, why didn’t you stop him?”
“I didn’t know, not right away,” he explained.  “I didn’t realize until after you disappeared.  I found you upstairs in one of the bedrooms.  Dennis had a line forming outside the door.  They were paying him—”
Janice held up her hand.  “Enough.  I get it.”  Then she shivered, crossing her arms tightly across her chest.  She closed her eyes tightly, and her hands balled into angry fists.  “That bastard.”  Will saw a trickle escape from the corner of her eyes.
“It’s all right,” said Will.  “I got you out before anything happened.”
“How?”
“He said that since my party gift was so expensive, I could have the first turn.  Dennis said I’d have half an hour, so after I went in—”
“Stop!  I don’t want to know.  That’s enough.”  She had her hands over her face by then.
“No, no, no!” said Will.  “Nothing happened.  It was a ruse.  After they let me in, I tied you up in a blanket and lowered you down from a window.  Then I climbed down and carried you away.”
Seth broke in, “You tied her up and kidnapped her?”
Will turned on his friend.  “You aren’t helping.  I didn’t kidnap her.  She was comatose.  I prefer to think of it as an involuntary relocation.”
Janice was openly crying now, which perplexed Will.  “You’re safe,” he told her.  “They didn’t get a chance to do anything to you.”
“He’s going to be furious,” Janice said quietly, tears still running down her cheeks.
“I’d like to think if it was me, I’d say ‘thank you,’” suggested Seth.
Will glared at his roommate.  “You’re still not helping.  Can’t you see she’s upset?  Besides, she shouldn’t have to thank anyone for not being raped.  That’s just human decency.”  He turned back toward Janice.  “What’s wrong?  If you’re worried about Dennis, don’t be.  I won’t let him bother you.”
She shook her head.  “You don’t understand.  His father is Count Spry.  My parents live on his estate in Lindham.  They work for him.  What do you think will happen when he complains to his father?”
Will studied his hands.  He’d thought he was doing a good thing, but had he?  It had to be.  He refused to believe a world existed in which the best option was letting an asshole like Dennis Spry abuse someone like Janice.  “Listen,” he began, “You didn’t do anything.  It was all me.  I’ll make sure he knows.  If he’s going to take revenge on someone, he can come after me.”  It helped that no one could find his family, but he didn’t mention that.
“Do you think he cares?” said Janice.  “He’s been humiliated.  He’ll find a way to punish both of us.  You don’t know him like I do.  My life is over.  I don’t even care if they stop paying my tuition.  His father will toss my family into the streets, or worse.”
“Surely his father can’t be that unreasonable,” suggested Seth.  “The truth is that you didn’t do anything.”
“Dennis won’t tell the truth.  He’ll say whatever he wants until he gets what he wants, and his father will believe him.”
Will listened, his mind blank.  How could the world be so unfair?  Then a stray thought came to him.  What would Tailtiu have done?  Stupid question, he told himself.  She’d have tied herself to the bed.  Then afterward she’d have murdered them all, if they survived the act to begin with.  “Oh!” he exclaimed.
Seth and Janice both looked askance at him.
“I’ll take care of it,” said Will with quiet determination.
His roommate began shaking a finger in his direction.  “I don’t like that look.  That’s the same look you had last night when you threatened me, so I’d hold the door.  See where that got us?”  He waved his hand in Janice’s direction.
“Don’t worry about it.  It won’t involve you,” Will assured him.
Janice had dried her cheeks with her sleeve.  “What are you going to do?”
“Count Spry won’t do anything to your parents if he doesn’t hear about this, right?  It’s only a problem for them if Dennis starts feeding lies to his father.”
Her eyes narrowed with suspicion.  “And?”
“I’ll just make sure he doesn’t tell any lies,” finished Will.
“How?”
Will gave her a faint smile.  “You’re innocent, but you won’t be if I tell you.  Let’s figure out how to get you out of here instead.”  He asked Seth, “What time is it?”
“Almost time for lunch.”
“You can take the front and make sure the stairs are empty once everyone goes to eat,” said Will.  “We’ll throw a cloak over her and if Mom is near the door you can distract her while Janice gets out.”
They waited, and when the time came Janice’s exit was even easier than Will had hoped.  No one was on the stairs or near the door.  As soon as they were outside, they turned to the right and headed for the corner of the building.  After checking to make sure they were unobserved, Janice removed the cloak and handed it back to Will.
Her face was a mask, behind which hid a multitude of conflicting emotions.  “Thank you,” she said.  “Whatever happens, I know you were trying to help.”  Then she headed for the women’s dorm.
Will watched her go.  He had gotten the full message.  Thank you, but you probably fucked up my entire life.  It wasn’t his fault, though.  “Never accept blame for the evil actions of others,” he told himself.  Janice might be right about the consequences, but it wasn’t her fault, or his.  The blame belonged to those who chose to punish good people for nothing more than refusing to quietly accept being violated as their lot in life.
He went to eat lunch.  The long night had left him hungrier than ever.  Once his stomach was satisfied, he took a walk, heading toward the main gate.  He needed money.
Along the way he recolored his tunic, restoring its crimson glory.  If Dennis happened to spot him because of the bright color, all the better.  The sooner he could begin the groundwork for his plan, the easier it would be.
Will was destined to be disappointed, though.  No one approached him during his half-hour walk to the entrance, and he was able to leave the campus without trouble.  Once outside, he made a mental inventory of what he had stored within the limnthal.
The wine was probably the most valuable, but he had no experience with it.  He’d likely be ripped off if he tried to sell any of it.  Some of the bottles predated the Terabinian War for Independence, meaning their price might be more a matter of historical value than taste.  Trying to sell it would bring unwanted attention.
Fortunately, he knew the price of salt and pepper, both of which were extremely valuable.  Summoning the jar of peppercorns, he hefted it in his hands, trying to judge the weight.  At least ten pounds, he estimated.  Spices could be worth more than their weight in gold, and while pepper wasn’t that valuable, he figured a pound or two would provide more than enough coin if he could find an honest buyer.
He walked on, and within an hour he was hopelessly lost.  Cerria was vast, far beyond his experience, and he had little knowledge of its streets.  Luckily, the quality of his clothing made most of the people he met uncommonly helpful, as they assumed he was either a nobleman or someone of some importance, which made getting directions easy.
Along the way he sold several ounces of pepper to shopkeepers and tavern owners, making a few crowns.  He was confident that even if he didn’t find the market, he could raise enough money, so he continued onward. The directions he received eventually got him to the place he sought, a large, open-air market where all manner of goods and staples were bought and sold: meat, flour, beans, and more.  It only took him a few minutes to find the spice seller.
Will had considered continuing to sell the pepper directly, but that would only engender ill will between him and those who made their living in the trade.  When he saw the old woman who managed the spice stall he felt justified in that decision.  The old lady appeared competent, wrinkled, and potentially vengeful.  Given the value of her wares it was possible that upsetting her would have caused him even more problems, for she was likely wealthy, despite her ragged appearance.
“What do you need, sir?” she asked politely, measuring his clothing with sharp eyes.
He tried to appear non-threatening.  “Hard coin, madam, but I have spices to trade for it.”
The woman’s eyes narrowed, and she waved a hand.  “I’m a spice seller.  If you aren’t buying, I don’t have time to play.”
“How much are your peppercorns?” he asked.
“Five clima for an ounce,” she responded instantly.
“And salt?”
“Two.”
Will leaned in.  “I have several pounds of both and I’m willing to sell for half that.  I’d rather sell it to you and be done with it, but if you’re not looking for a bargain, I can afford to spend my days hawking it here in the market.”
The old woman snarled, showing yellow teeth.  “Are you threatening me, young man?”
He put his hand over his heart.  “My dear mother would curse me if I were ever to do such a thing.  I’m merely desperate for money.  So desperate I’m willing to make a bad deal if it will preserve my life.”
She thought for a moment, then spat on the ground.  “How much do you have to sell?  Let me see it.  I’m not interested if the quality is poor.”
Will summoned the jars of salt and pepper directly in front of her, which caused her to draw back in alarm.  “You’re a sorcerer?”  There was fear in her eyes.
“A wizard,” he corrected.  “Deal fairly with me and I’ll deal fairly with you.”
They haggled for several minutes, but the spice seller had been impressed with the quality of his peppercorns.  Will had never had a doubt about that.  Arrogan had been a stickler for quality, and the limnthal had kept everything as fresh as the day he had purchased it.  The price they settled on was four clima for two ounces of pepper, and two for two ounces of salt.
“I’ll need to sell three pounds of each if you want me to go that low,” cautioned Will.
The old woman grinned.  “Deal.”
“Do you know where I can find a decent weaponsmith?” asked Will as they weighed the goods and she counted out the coins.
“Follow the lane south past three streets and you’ll find several,” said the spice seller.  “Tell them Magda sent you and maybe they won’t overcharge you too much.”
Will touched his brow, tipping an imaginary hat to the old woman.  “Thank you.”  Then he set off down the lane, feeling the heavy weight of gold in his purse.  Magda had paid him close to twenty-nine crowns, and combined with the money he’d had already, he had just over forty-six gold crowns to his name.  Feeling self-conscious, he stepped to the side of the lane and quietly stored his coin purse inside the limnthal.
With his money safe, he continued onward, keeping a watchful eye on the road behind him.  Given how much she had paid him, there was always the possibility that Magda might send a few enterprising freelancers to waylay him.  Even if she had to split the money, it would still make her profit from him even more extraordinary.
No one seemed to be following him, and soon enough he smelled the distinctive odor of forge-fires coming up ahead of him.  The first place he found turned out to be an ordinary smithy, but the man there was kind enough to direct him to a weapon-seller.  “Tylan makes the best blades, but he doesn’t sell them himself,” said the smith.  “Take a right at the next street and then a left.  “There’s a shop where Tylan’s son works.  He’s the one you want to see.”
Will followed the directions until he saw a shop with a sign bearing a painting of a sword and axe.  He stepped inside and saw a young man in his twenties sitting on a stool.
“Can I help you, sir?”
He jumped straight to the point.  “I need a dueling saber.”
The man nodded.  “Are you thinking of something ornamental to wear to court, or something more practical?”
“Practical.”
“Then I have several you can look at over here.”  The shopkeep rose from his stool and led Will over to the right side of the shop and unlocked a large case.  He lifted the lid, and Will saw seven slender swords laid out on velvet within.
The blades were almost straight, with hardly any curve.  Will had seen cavalry swords before, and those were heavier, and slightly more curved.  These weapons were designed for dueling, much like the practice weapons they used in his fencing class.  Their lengths varied by an inch or two.  “May I?” asked Will, reaching toward one of the hilts.
“Let’s see your coin first.”
Will summoned his purse and gave it a shake.
“Are you a sorcerer?” asked the shopkeeper worriedly.
Will shook his head.  “Just a slightly paranoid wizard.”
The shopkeeper held out his hand.  “I’m Lawrence.  My father is Tylan, the bladesmith.”
They shook hands, and then Will lifted the sabers one by one, checking their heft and balance.  Unlike the falchions he had used in the army, the weapons were light and elegant with ring guards to protect the hand and knuckles.  He didn’t think they’d be much use against an armored opponent, but against someone in nothing more than a tunic or doublet, they were absolutely lethal.
After a few minutes he selected one of the longest sabers.  The hilt was simple, with a leather grip, but he liked the false edge at the tip, which gave the weapon the ability to perform effective back cuts.  He tested the edge with his thumb and found it lacking, though.  “I like this one,” said Will.
Lawrence noticed him feeling the edge.  “We only put the final edge on after they sell, and only if the owner requests it.”
“Why’s that?”
“An edge starts to dull as soon as you put it on,” said the dealer.  “So no one sharpens them unless they intend to put them to use in the near future.”
“I’ll need it as sharp as you can manage,” said Will.  “When can you have it ready?”
“Ordinarily, we’ll put the edge on for free, but if you’re in a hurry—”
“I can pay a little extra if need be,” Will reassured him.
They bargained for a while and eventually settled on twenty-four crowns for the sword.  The price included having it sharpened and ready for Will to pick up in the morning.  It also included a sword belt and sheath.
As he was leaving, Will asked, “Is there an armorer you recommend?”
Lawrence gave him an odd look.  “Are you taking an officer’s position in the army?”
He shook his head.
“What sort of armor are you looking for?”
“Nothing substantial,” said Will.  He ran his hands over his chest and belly.  “I just need something to keep a knife out of my vitals.”
“A breastplate?”
“No, something less conspicuous—maybe a mail vest?”
Lawrence nodded.  “I know who you should talk to.”  He gave Will quick directions and sent him on his way.
The next shop was a few blocks away and was run by a fellow named Byron Waters.  Will stopped to appreciate the armorer’s impressive beard for a moment when he stepped inside, for it stretched from the shopkeep’s chin almost to his waist.  “I’m told you sell armor,” he said, introducing himself.
Byron combed his fingers through his beard, which appeared to be something of habit.  “Depends on what you’re looking for.”
“Something small and inconspicuous,” said Will.
“A mail shirt then?”
“I have one.  I need something I can wear underneath a tunic.”
Byron frowned.  “You worried about being stabbed on the street?”
He nodded.
“You’ll have to wear something under it, no matter what you choose,” said the armorer.
“What do you suggest?”
“How about brigandine?”
“Show me what you mean.”
Byron took him to another room where a number of articles were hanging.  They looked like vests covered with rivets.  The man opened one to show Will the metal plates underneath.  “Ordinarily you’d wear at least an arming jacket under this, and a lot of men wear an arming jacket, a mail shirt, and then put this on top.”
“I need something to go under my tunic,” said Will.
The armorer resumed combing his beard.  “That’s not easy.  Maybe if you had a custom padded vest sewn inside the brigandine.  That’d keep it from tearing up your skin, but without the mail shirt or at least a larger jacket you’d be vulnerable to all kinds of attacks.”
“I’m not going to war,” explained Will.  “I just need something to keep a point out of my belly or back.”
“And you’re going to wear your clothes over it?” asked Byron doubtfully.
He nodded.
The armorer clearly thought he was crazy, but he finally agreed.  “All right.  I can make something like that.  I can do a modified brigandine jack that will cover your ribs, belly, and back.  We can sew the padding inside and try to keep it slim enough that your tunic will go over it, but I wouldn’t recommend it if you think someone is planning to put a blade in you.”
“Concealment is more important to me than maximizing protection,” said Will.
Byron shrugged.  “Well, it’ll be better than nothing, but even if it’s slim enough to go unseen they’re going to hear it.  Brigandine is noisier than mail.”  Reaching over, he grabbed one of the vests and flexed it slightly so Will could hear the sound of the plates rubbing against each other.
Will had to agree, but he had a possible solution for the noise.  “I can deal with that.  How long will it take you?”
“Two weeks, and it’ll cost you fifteen crowns.”
“If you can do it in one, I’ll pay twenty,” said Will.
The armorer frowned.  “Can you pay in advance?”
“Half now and half when it’s ready, less one crown for every day it takes past a week.”
Byron hesitated a moment, then nodded.  “Let’s see your money and then we can start measuring.”
Chapter 13
He found himself taking a different route to get back to the school, and when he eventually found the road that led to Wurthaven’s entrance he was coming from the other direction than the one he had taken that morning.  Consequently, he walked past the entrance to the royal palace on his way.  Will stopped after passing the gate and studied the wall.  It was even more impressive than the one that surrounded Wurthaven’s neatly trimmed lawns, standing almost forty feet in height.
Selene’s in there somewhere, he thought.  Probably.  He wondered if he would ever have a reason or opportunity to see her again.  The wall seemed like a perfect metaphor for the distance between them.
“Except I could climb a wall,” he said to himself.  “I’ll never be able to close the gap in social standing.”  After a moment, he corrected himself.  “All right, maybe not that wall.  Anyone would struggle with that.”
He wondered if there was a spell for scaling walls.  “Not that I would,” he reminded himself.  “That would be foolish.  Besides, there’s every chance I won’t live past the next few days.”
Will hadn’t shared his plan with anyone, but he knew it was tantamount to suicide, and even if he succeeded, he might well be murdered afterward.  His only consolation was that it would almost certainly keep Janice’s family safe.
He glanced up and down the road, making sure he was alone, then summoned the limnthal so he could talk to the Ring of Vile and Unspeakable Knowledge.  “I need your advice,” he began.
“Fuck off,” said the ring.  “I’m not in the mood.”
Will found himself grinning despite his dark thoughts.  “Too bad.”  He launched into a description of what had happened the night before and what he planned to do about it, only pausing once he had finished.
The ring said nothing.
“Well?” prodded Will.
“What?”
“What do you think?”
“You’re a blithering idiot.  Happy now?”
“Got anything more specific?”
“Not really.  I’m sure having several feet of cold steel rammed through your belly will communicate my thoughts better than any words ever could.  Good luck.”
“That’s the worst case,” argued Will.  “I’m interested in what you think will happen if I don’t die.”
The ring snorted, despite lacking a nose.  “That’s the best case, jackass!  You’ll really be in a pile of shit if you don’t die.  You must be aware that Little-Lord-Pus-Dick has friends and family.  What do you think they’ll do afterward?  The best you can hope for is a knife in the back.  More likely, they’ll find some way to put you somewhere dark and damp where they can take their time making you properly miserable.”
“But I’m not going to break any laws,” he countered.
“Someone needs to slap the teat out of your mouth so you can grow the fuck up,” snapped the ring.  “Those people don’t give a damn about laws.  They write the laws, and people like you are only useful to provide the blood they use as ink.”
“I already told you what I’m going to do.  That’s done.  Give me some advice on what to do afterward.  You’ve been there before.”
The ring produced an audible sigh.  “Arrogan’s been there before.”
“You have his memories, just tell me what he would say.”
“He’d say not to do it.”
“What would he have done in my place, then?”
“Probably the same damn thing, if he was as powerless as you are!  You want his advice, fine!  If you’re going to start down this road, don’t look back.  You’re going to paint a giant target on your back and a lot of people are going to be taking aim at it.  So, if you do this, don’t apologize.  Show no remorse, no weakness.  You’re going to have to pretend to be ten feet tall and made of nothing but balls and spite.”
Will squared his shoulders.  “I think I can manage that.”
“You think that because you’re angry.  But that’s today.  The next day, you’ll be tired.  The anger won’t last, and after it’s gone, you’re going to find yourself alone and without friends.  This won’t be the first time.   You’ll have to do it again, and even if you get good at it, sooner or later all of it will catch up with you.  One of these days you’ll wake up dead, and there won’t be anyone crying over you.  Trust me.”
“You’re wrong there.”
“About what?”
“I cried over you after you died.”
The ring didn’t respond.
“Can you teach me something?” Will asked.  “Arrogan had a trick he used when we practiced.  I think I’ve got the basics of it, but he was a lot better.”
“What was it?” asked the ring.
***
Will felt better after their talk was finished, and he enjoyed the fresh air as he walked toward the boys’ dormitory.  He had a day and a half to prepare, but he felt as though he had a fair chance.
He spotted a familiar figure waiting for him outside the dorm.  It was Dennis.
Of course, Dennis wasn’t alone.  Chris Burnham and Brett Conn had come along for the show.  Will let his eyes drift to the sides, searching to see if there were any other people nearby.  He spotted several students loitering between the two dormitories.
Better than nothing, he thought.
“William,” said Dennis as soon as he had come within ten feet, his face emotionless.
He took a deep breath and projected his voice as he answered, “Rapist!  I can’t believe you decided to show your face.  Are you looking for more girls to drug unconscious?”
Dennis’ face turned an ugly shade of red and Chris and Brett moved forward threateningly.  “I was going to suggest we could put this behind us if you’d apologize and accept a few bruises,” said Dennis, “but it seems like you don’t have the brains to know when you’re in trouble.”
Will noticed that some of the nearby students had moved slightly closer in order to hear better, while inside the boys’ dorm someone had run off to either notify the resident assistant or bring others to listen.  He didn’t particularly care which.  “Before you sic your dogs on me, I have a question,” said Will, stalling for time.  The bigger the audience, the more effective his ploy would be.
“I’m feeling less inclined to talk to you, Cartwright.  Why don’t we skip to the part where you bleed on the ground and kiss the soles of my shoes?”
“But I’m really curious!” Will said loudly as he danced back a few feet to maintain his distance.  He could see people looking out the doors of both dormitories now, and some of the windows had opened.  A lot more people were listening.
“I want to know if you drug girls for sex because you don’t know how to talk to them, or is it the fact that once they see your tiny dick, they run screaming?”
Chris lunged at him and Will stepped forward, planting a fist in the other boy’s stomach, causing him to double over.  Then he dodged sideways to avoid a grab from Brett.
“Are you afraid of me, Dennis?” he yelled.  “Is that why you brought so many friends?  Or is this how you normally operate?  I guess you need at least two friends to hold girls down for you to rape, don’t you?”  Brett started running toward him, so Will turned and broke into a sprint, heading for the corner of the building.  Chris was still trying to get his breath back.
As soon as he turned the corner, Will stopped and turned back.  He caught Brett with a surprise punch as he came around the corner and followed it with a knee to the head when the other boy doubled over.  Then he started back toward the entrance.
Dennis stared at him as he advanced, backing slowly away.  “Don’t even think about it, Cartwright!” he yelled.
“Or what?” demanded Will.  “You’ll bleed on me?  Why don’t you tuck tail and run, you goddamn coward?”  He kept coming.
Dennis might have held his ground, but Chris broke and ran.  Lacking support, Dennis followed suit.
“You’re a fucking rapist, Dennis Spry!” screamed Will, doing his best to keep his voice loud and clear.  “And I’m going to make sure everyone in this school knows about it!”  Having made his point, he turned and glanced around, making sure his audience had stayed until the end.  He felt pleased by what he saw.
A few students approached Will before he went inside.  “What was that about?” asked a girl that he recognized as Rebecca Swafford.
“Be careful if you go to any parties and Dennis is around,” said Will.  “He’s not above drugging girls to get what he wants.”  With that, he left them and went inside.
Rob was standing just inside the door.  “Are you insane?” he exclaimed.  “Why would you do that?”
“Because it’s true,” said Will.  “I’ve got nothing to be ashamed of.  That bastard tried to drug a girl and sell her to his friends.”  He kept his voice loud enough that everyone in the vicinity could hear him clearly.
Rob’s face went pale.  “You can’t just go around saying—”
“I can,” said Will.  “I was there.  He offered her to me first.  That’s how I know what a despicable asshole he is.  If I hadn’t said something then and there, I can’t imagine what would have happened.”  That was stretching the truth, but Will didn’t care.  The bigger and nastier the rumor became, the better it would be for him.
“Who was it?” asked someone behind him.
Will turned and saw a student he didn’t recognize.  “I’m not going to say, since I don’t want to drag her into it.  Dennis knows what he did, and I was there to catch him out.  Ask him and see if he dares own up to the truth!”
He started for the stairs, but another voice stopped him in his tracks.  “William!  Come here.”  It was Dianne Young.
Will went quietly, and the resident assistant led him to her office and closed the door.  “Do you mind telling me what that was all about?” she asked.
“Dennis Spry invited me to a party at Malview House yesterday evening,” said Will plainly.  “While I was there, I saw him put something in a girl’s wine.  I followed him upstairs after she passed out and he offered to let me sleep with her.  He had several other guys offering him money for turns with her.”
Dianne’s face blanched at his directness.  “Who was the girl?”
“I’d rather not say.  She’s got enough trouble already.”
“With you shouting about it, do you think her identity will remain a secret for long?” demanded Dianne.  “You’re not doing her any favors.”
“If I don’t say something, he’ll try to do it again.”
“And if you’re not willing to give names or she doesn’t step forward, that rich asshole will have you expelled, or worse.  He could take you to court for slander,” warned the resident assistant.  “Do you think that will help her cause?”
Which is exactly why I have to make him so mad he can’t see straight, thought Will.  He lowered his head and tried out his acting skills.  “I don’t know what else to do!  It isn’t right!”
Her face softened.  “If you’ll give me her name, I can pass it along.  Some of the faculty here care more about this sort of thing than you might imagine.”
“Enough to kick that jerk out of Wurthaven?” he asked pointedly.
Dianne shook her head sadly.  “I wish, but no.  At the very least some of them will keep an eye on her and try to help if he starts trying to bully her.”
Will glanced up, giving her a hopeful look.  “And they won’t tell everyone?  If her name gets out, she’ll be embarrassed beyond belief.”
“I’ll only tell those I trust to keep it quiet,” she answered.  “The vice-chancellor and the proctors take this sort of thing seriously.  They’ll do as much as they can.”
He wanted to smile.  That was better than he had hoped.  Seeding the administration with the news in advance might help his case when the time came.  “It was Janice Edelman,” said Will quietly.  “I got her out of the house before they could do anything to her, even though Dennis had her drugged to the point of unconsciousness.”
“Do you know what drug it was?”
“I think it was tincture of opium,” said Will.  “He had a vial of it in his coat pocket.”
“How do you know what it was?  Did he tell you?”
“My mother is an herbalist,” he answered.  “I recognized the symptoms.”
“Thank you for telling me, Will.”
“What else should I do?” he asked, affecting an air of uncertainty.
Dianne leaned back.  “Nothing.  You’ve caused enough of an uproar already.  If Dennis tries to approach you, you should stay calm.  It won’t help if people think you’re spoiling for a fight.  Let the proctors handle it.”
“I’ll do as you say,” said Will meekly.  Until Monday, he added silently.
Chapter 14
Will spent that evening practicing the ‘Silent Thief’ spell, though he didn’t try to cast it.  He needed to improve his skills before he would try that.  Instead he just attempted to complete the construct since it was a bit more complicated than anything he had done before.  He wouldn’t have the brigandine in time for Monday anyway, so the spell was more of an investment in the future.
Once morning arrived, he ate breakfast and made the trip to the weapon-smith’s shop to collect his sword.  He was pleased with the edge when he inspected it.  The forward-facing edge was nearly razor sharp, as well as the first six inches of the back side of the point.  After his time in the army, he had a great respect for the damage sharp steel could do to a human body, and he wouldn’t have wanted to face a weapon like the saber without armor.
But that’s what I’m going to do, he told himself, suppressing a shudder.
He belted the sword on and walked back to the dorm, taking a roundabout path to make certain that at least a few of Dennis’ friends saw him wearing it.  A lot of anger and a little bit of fear, he told himself.  I have to get the mixture just right.
A few of the male students asked him about the weapon.  Generally speaking, the only students who wore such things were the sons of nobles, and even they usually only wore them as status symbols at certain social events, or if they went into the city.  No one walked about the campus with one.  It simply wasn’t done.
Will’s general response was to feign surprise.  “Oh.  I’ll put it away then.  It’s just that he threatened to kill me.  I didn’t know what else to do.”
Selene would be proud of me, thought Will after he got back to his room.  My acting has improved considerably.
He spent the rest of the day in his room, practicing the technique that the ring had described.  His roommate wasn’t pleased, however.  From Seth’s perspective, all he saw was Will continually lunging back and forth across the room, which made it impossible for the other boy to study, write, or even think.
“Please, Will, will you stop?  You’re driving me to nervous exhaustion,” exclaimed Seth.
“Imagine how I feel,” Will countered.  “He threatened to kill me!”  In actuality, Dennis had never said those words, though Will didn’t doubt the young lordling would have if he had had the opportunity.  The important thing was that he repeat them to as many people as possible before the next morning arrived.
A knock at the door interrupted their conversation.  Will opened the door to find a young man he didn’t recognize outside the door.  “Mom says to come down.  Someone wants to see you.”
Will went down, and Dianne directed him toward the cushioned chairs in the common room.  “She wanted to talk to you.”
Janice Edelman was sitting in the direction she pointed.  Will went over immediately.  “Hey,” he said, giving a small wave.
His classmate appeared visibly upset.  “What do you think you’re doing?” she asked.
Will took a seat across from her.  “Drawing a boil.”
“Huh?”  She stared at him as though had grown two heads.  “What does that mean?”
“When you have a boil on your skin, you have to use a salve to draw it out, such as coal tar.  It makes the boil angry and red, until it festers to the surface.  Once it rears its ugly head, you can lance it,” explained Will.
Janice shook her head.  “You’re only making things worse for everyone.  People keep asking me if I know who the girl was.  Not only that, but Dennis is beyond angry.  I thought maybe he’d calm down, but you’ve injured his pride.  He’s not going to let this go.  Do you realize the things he could do to you?”
“Not really,” said Will, playing dumb.  “List them out for me.”
“His father could convince the chancellor to have you expelled, for starters.  They could take you to court and have you locked up for slander.  You could go to prison!  And those are the nice options.  They could hire men to wait for you in town.”
He nodded, relieved that she hadn’t named anything that he hadn’t already considered.
“Not to mention me,” she continued.  “I’m almost certain to lose my sponsorship.  If you make things any worse, he’s bound to do something to my family.”
“Lindham is more than two weeks from here,” said Will.  “Dennis will have to send a letter to get his father involved.”
“And your point is?”
He’s not going to get a chance to send a letter, thought Will.  And by the time anyone does, I’ll be the only one they mention. He remained silent, lacking a good answer since he couldn’t share his plan.
Janice leaned forward intently.  “Are you doing this because you think it’s brave, or that I’ll like you?  Do you have some demented idea of chivalry in the back of your head?  All you’re doing is ruining your life, and quite possibly mine along with you.”
Will returned her gaze evenly.  “I’m not doing this for you.”
“Then why?”
It was something he’d given a lot of thought to over the past couple of days.  “I wasn’t even sure myself,” he admitted.  “Not at first.  But I understand myself better now.  I’m doing this for me.  I’m doing it so I can look myself in the mirror.  I don’t want to live in a world where people like him get to do whatever they please and damn everyone else, and one way or another, I won’t.  I’m also doing this for all the other people that little turd might hurt in the future.”
“Well nothing you’re doing is going to help any of that,” said Janice in exasperation.
Will shrugged, then stood to leave.  “He threatened to kill me,” he added at the end, seeding his lie in one more pair of ears.
Janice watched him go, but he picked up her last words as he reached the stairs.  “You’re an idiot, William Cartwright,” she muttered to herself.
***
Monday morning arrived after an interminably long night.  Will had tried to sleep but with only limited success.  Nevertheless, his nerves were wound too tightly for him to feel sleepy as he headed to fencing practice almost an hour early.  Under his arm he carried a long, slender bundle wrapped in his cloak.
He was the first to arrive at the gym, but he had no doubt someone else would show up soon.  He’ll want to confront me before practice, Will told himself, hoping it was true.
Making use of his time alone, he went and stowed his bundle in one of the equipment lockers, then did a few exercises to stretch out his muscles and use up some of his nervous energy.  It wasn’t long before his prediction came true.  Dennis Spry appeared, accompanied by Chris Burnham.
“Look who it is,” challenged the young noble.
Will looked his enemy up and down, noting the sword on Dennis’ hip.  “Feeling brave now that you’re armed?” he asked.
“I heard you were carrying one,” said Dennis.  “As violent and deranged as you are, I didn’t want to get murdered coming to class, so I took precautions.”
“And I heard that it’s in poor taste to carry weapons around Wurthaven,” said Will, “but then, a dog like you wouldn’t know anything about taste, would you?”
“You’re a lying braggart, Cartwright,” said Dennis.  “A churl like you wouldn’t even own a saber.  You were probably walking around campus with a kitchen knife yesterday, trying to scare the other underclassmen.”
Will met the other boy’s gaze calmly.  “I’m not carrying a sword, but that doesn’t mean I don’t have one—you pus-ridden little rapist.”  He spotted movement then, and saw Matthew Holmgren arriving through the side door.  Finally, a witness, he thought to himself.
“Take it back and apologize this instant!” commanded Dennis, his hand falling to the hilt of his weapon.
Will leaned in, pitching his voice just loud enough that both Dennis and Chris could hear him.  “Or what?  You’ll offer me a glass of wine?  No, thanks.”
Dennis snapped.  Whipping out his saber he screamed at Will, spittle flying from his lips.  “I’ll gut you like a pig, Cartwright!”
Will retreated.  “Are you challenging me to a duel, Dennis?” he asked loudly, making sure Matthew was listening.
Dennis froze, sanity returning for a moment.  Glancing around, he saw Matthew and Chris both staring at him with keen interest.  “Well…” he started to fumble his words as he realized he had backed himself into a corner.
“So you just bared your steel to threaten me?” asked Will calmly.  “I knew you were spineless.  I can’t wait to tell everyone once class starts.”  He could see a couple more students entering the gym already.
“I do challenge you!” shouted Dennis boldly, then he added.  “Too bad you don’t have a sword, otherwise I’d spill your blood right here.”
Will grinned.  “Oh, but I do have a sword.  One moment.”  He walked over to the equipment lockers and retrieved his bundle, then removed the saber in its sheath.  “This should do,” he announced.
Dennis’ eyes bulged.  “I didn’t mean we should duel right this minute,” he said, backpedaling.
“Why?  So, you can find a way to back out of it?  Or maybe you think you can have some of your friends catch me alone somewhere?”  Will turned to the others.  “You heard him.  He challenged me.”  Then he looked back at Dennis.  “We don’t have to do this if you don’t want.  I understand if you’re too scared.”
“Instructor Rhodes will be here in a few minutes,” offered Dennis.  “We should probably wait.”
“It’s early,” said Will.  “He won’t be here for at least a quarter of an hour.  How long do you need?”
His opponent clenched his jaw.  “Fine.  You asked for this.”
Will shook his head.  “No.  I didn’t.”  He waved his hands at the other students.  “And these are my witnesses.  You challenged me, not the other way around.”  He raised his voice.  “Does anyone dispute that?”
Matthew Holmgren spoke up.  “No.  I heard him.  He definitely challenged you.”  The others nodded.
Unsheathing his blade, Will bowed slightly in Dennis’ direction.  “How do you want to do this, to the death, or just first blood?”
“First blood,” said Dennis immediately, his body tense to the point of making his movements jerky.
“Fine with me.  Matthew, will you referee for us?”
Matthew readily agreed and moved to stand midway between them, lifting his arm in the air.  Meanwhile, Will contracted his turyn.  He had expanded his personal boundary a few minutes earlier, allowing him to absorb more than usual.  Drawing it in, he could feel his heart speeding up as his muscles grew hot.  It almost felt like his very bones were vibrating.
Extending his arm, he pointed the tip of his saber at Dennis, keeping the point low.  His opponent did likewise.  From the past week everyone already knew that Dennis was the best fencer in the class.  But we aren’t sparring, Will reminded himself.  Someone’s about to get hurt, and he’s never stared down a sharp sword pointed in his direction before.
Will had never tried to stand out in the class.  He might have been close to the top of their rankings if he had, but he still wouldn’t have been as good as Dennis Spry.  The young noble had been practicing the sport for years.  What Will had done, however, was pay attention.  He already knew a few things about the way Dennis liked to spar, and he had little doubt the man would try to repeat what usually worked for him.
Matthew’s arm dropped and Dennis leapt forward, his point dipping down for Will’s thigh, much as he had expected.  Rather than retreat, which was the normal response when someone else had the initiative, Will lunged forward as well.
The world seemed to slow as he brought the point of his saber up.  Arrogan’s trick for increasing speed worked, but it wouldn’t be enough to overcome the difference in skill between the two of them.  But it didn’t need to overcome that gap, for they weren’t in a match.  It was a duel.
The point of Dennis’ blade entered the middle of his thigh a split second before Will’s blade reached him.  In a match that would have meant that Dennis had won a point.  Will continued forward and his blade continued upward, slipping under Dennis’ chin and through his throat until it was stopped by a bone.
Will felt a jolt as Dennis’ sword shuddered to a halt against his femur, then he flicked his sword out and sideways, ripping through the side of his enemy’s neck to be sure he finished the job.  He hobbled back a second later, bleeding profusely from his wounded thigh.
Across from him, blood was spraying from Dennis’ ruined throat and the other man fell back, collapsing to the ground.  He was dead within seconds, his blood pooling on the hardwood floor of the gym.
Gritting his teeth, Will tried to keep his expression calm as he looked at the referee.  “Did his point strike first or mine?”
“I think it was his,” stammered Matthew.
“Damn!” swore Will.  “That’s too bad.”  He hobbled over to Dennis’ corpse.  “It appears you drew first blood.  Since I lost, I retract my words.  I apologize for calling you a pus-ridden little rapist.”  Reaching into his tunic, he pulled out a short length of rope he had brought for the occasion and tightened it around his leg above the wound.  He winced despite himself as he cinched it taut before tying it off.
The other students stood around him, stunned into silence, their faces pale.  Will wiped the blade of his sword clean on his already ruined trousers, then hobbled over to his sheath and put it away.  Addressing the others, he said, “Would anyone like to help me to the Healing and Psyche building?  I don’t think I’ll be fit to participate in class today.”
It was then that Instructor Rhodes walked into the gym.  The older man knew something was off as soon as he entered.  “What are you lads doing?” he asked loudly, then his eyes fell upon Dennis’ body and the spreading pool of blood.  “Sweet Temarah’s tits!  What the hell happened?”
“Dennis challenged me to a duel and won, so I apologized,” said Will, feeling woozy.  Lack of sleep and loss of blood were taking their toll on him.  He leaned on Matthew.  “They’ll tell you,” he added, his head beginning to sag.