
*****************************************************
*****************************************************
Your ebook has decrypted.
The TXT file just save 20% of ebook content.
Please register the software, then get all contents and the valid ebook format.
*****************************************************
*****************************************************


    Scholar of Magic
By
Michael G. Manning
Cover by Amalia Chitulescu
Editing by Keri Karandrakis
Map Artwork by Maxime Plasse
© 2020 by Michael G. Manning
All rights reserved.
For more information about the Mageborn series check out the author’s Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/MagebornAuthor
or visit the website:
http://www.magebornbooks.com/
Chapter 1
Will stared up at the towering stone edifice that loomed over him and the other workers.  The Lanover Dam was a massive structure that rose eighty feet above where he currently stood, at the base on the downstream side.  Not stone, concrete, he reminded himself silently, using the term from his engineering class.  It looked like stone, though.
As he had recently learned, there were several different types of dams, but the Lanover Dam was what was known as a buttress dam.  Originally it had been built as an arch dam, but the structure had shown signs of incipient failure and later builders had added the buttresses, massive iron and concrete supports that angled up from the downstream side, to reinforce the dam wall.
“They should have built it with buttresses in the first place,” opined Will.  “There’s no way a wall that thin could hold all that water.”
The lead engineer, a man named Duncan, shook his head.  “It did, though, for nearly fifty years.  But you’re right, it wasn’t quite thick enough.”
“I don’t see how it would last five minutes, much less fifty years.”
“It’s the arch that does the trick.  As it comes under load, the hydrostatic pressure compresses the concrete, increasing its strength,” explained Duncan.  “They just miscalculated a little when they first built it.  It’s a miracle they managed to fix their mistake before it collapsed.”
“Why didn’t they just fill in the downstream side completely?” asked Will.  “Like a gravity dam.”
“You’re talking about a huge increase in the amount of filler and concrete to do that.  An arch dam solves the problem with structural elegance and saves a lot of expense.”
Will gave his preceptor a lopsided grin.  “And yet they had to buttress it anyway, and now we’re doing it again.  Why do we have to remove this buttress anyway?  Wouldn’t it be better to just build two new ones on either side of it?”
“We’re going to do that, but removing the old one is just as necessary.  Damage can’t be fully seen until we get it out of the way.  If we just put a bandage over it by filling it in, we won’t be able to see if there’s seepage.”
“If it’s seeping, wouldn’t we see the water?”
“Not if it’s underground, which is most likely where it would be.  We could bury this thing under stone and concrete only to have the entire thing wash out from underneath.  Then it would all come crumbling down in a rush.  Trust me, doing the maintenance properly is well worth it.”
Will’s fellow student, Stephanie Beresford, was sitting in a camp chair nearby.  Being the daughter of a viscount, she seemed to feel that field work was beneath her and she wasn’t shy about showing her displeasure.  “I really don’t see why we need to be here,” she whined as she poked lazily at the tiny fire elemental hovering in front of her with one finger.
Duncan sighed.  “Even as a lady of the realm it’s always handy to be well educated about practical matters.”
“I don’t see why,” she huffed.  “I’m never going to be an engineer anyway.”
The instructor looked away, but not before Will saw the look of annoyance on the man’s face.  Being a commoner, Duncan couldn’t afford to offend the young aristocrat, even if she was his student.  Most of the teachers at Wurthaven were noblemen themselves, but some, like Duncan, weren’t, which forced them to perfect a balancing act of authority and their lower social standing.
Will could definitely sympathize.  He didn’t plan on becoming an artificer or engineer himself, but he had gained a lot of respect for the meticulous thought and planning that went into their work.  Contrary to what he had once believed, a lot of rigorous math and preparation went into building things.  It was every bit as much of a science as alchemy, and in the case of a dam, a lot more people’s lives depended on the engineers getting it right.
As Will watched, the laborers finally peeled back the concrete casing that made up the bulk of the buttress they were carefully demolishing, exposing the iron brace.  Seeing them hard at work destroying the structure made him nervous, but a new buttress had already been completed on one side and a heavy iron temporary brace was already in place on the other side to take up the slack as the damaged buttress was removed.
“Would one of you like to do the honors?” asked the instructor.
“Honors?” asked Stephanie, who had finally gotten out of her chair.
“Now that the metal is exposed, we can accelerate their work by changing the properties of the iron,” said Duncan.
“He wants us to weaken it,” added Will helpfully.
Stephanie sniffed.  “No thanks.”
The instructor grimaced.  Having a sorceress do the job was preferable since using her power wouldn’t shorten her lifespan, but the young noblewoman didn’t have much concern for the problems facing engineer wizards.
“I’ll do it,” volunteered Will.
“Are you sure?” asked Duncan, barely concealing his relief.  He had even less desire to use his magic if he could avoid it.  “For something this big we usually prefer to have a sorcerer on hand, for obvious reasons.”
But at least he has a good reason, thought Will.  “Anything she can do, I can do,” he announced.
“You’re aware of the cost?”
Will nodded.  “It won’t cost me anything.  Talk to Master Courtney if you don’t believe me.”  Alfred Courtney was the head of the Research Department at Wurthaven and one of the few people who knew some of the details of Will’s unique capabilities.
The engineer nodded.  “He said something to that effect, but it’s hard to believe.  Very well, show me what you can do.”  He waved a hand in the direction of the crumbling buttress.
Will moved closer, until he was standing directly beside the exposed iron.  Working from memory, he constructed the sixth-order spell that would allow him to manipulate the metal’s material properties.  At the same time, he expanded his outer shell and began to absorb as much turyn as possible.  He waited until he was at capacity before channeling the energy into the spell and releasing it upon the iron.  Its appearance changed before his eyes, and the iron began to look dry and powdery on its surface.
Will motioned to one of the workers, who tested it with a cold chisel.  The brace flaked and fell apart as though it was brittle stone rather than solid iron.  The man nodded at Duncan.  “It’s good.”  Then he addressed Will, “How long do we have?”
“It’s permanent,” said Will.
The instructor stared at him.  “How much power did you invest?  You should have used a temporary transformation.”
“It didn’t cost me anything,” repeated Will.  “This way we don’t have to do it again later.”
Duncan studied him with curious eyes.  “Aren’t you tired at least?”
Will shrugged.  “I’m not opening my gate—my source—to get the turyn.  I absorb it from the environment.  It does take some effort, but I don’t get tired according to how much turyn I use.  It has more to do with how much focus and concentration it requires.”
“I’m not sure that makes sense,” replied his instructor.
“It’s like the difference between digging a hole with a shovel and reading a book,” said Will.  “For most wizards using magic is like physical labor, because they’re using up the turyn that keeps them alive.  I’m not doing that.  I’m using ambient turyn that I absorb, so for me the fatigue comes mainly from concentration.  It’s a purely mental exercise, so I don’t get exhausted as easily and it’s more of a mental fatigue.”
Stephanie broke in, “The important thing is that we know how special he is.  Otherwise he’ll be forced to tell us, again and again.”  She punctuated her words with a sour grimace of disgust.
Will ignored her, studying the dam with his eyes rather than giving her remark any attention.  After a second he remarked, “Knowing that this buttress can’t support any of the load makes me feel nervous.”
The instructor nodded.  “That’s a natural reaction, but not to worry, that’s why it’s designed with double the tolerances needed.  The buttress on the left and the temporary brace we’ve installed are each capable of handling the load by themselves, just in case either one should fail.  We’re perfectly safe until we finish the repair work.”
A sharp noise, a crack that was reminiscent of thunder with a muffled tone, rang out.  It was a sound unlike anything Will had ever heard, and it made his heart jump in his chest.  Stephanie glanced at him in confusion, but Duncan recognized the sound immediately.  “Watch out!” yelled their instructor, leaping forward to grab their wrists as a massive slab of broken concrete fell toward their heads.
It was far too late, however. Will and Stephanie’s reactions were too slow and by the time their brains had registered what was happening, they were on the verge of being flattened into jelly.  Will’s point-defense spell snapped into being even before he consciously decided to use it, and the massive block slammed into it and split into several pieces that fell to either side.  His shield vanished and reformed twice more in quick succession, shunting the larger fragments away from them.  It happened faster than he could think, at a level below conscious thought, just as Arrogan had once told him it would: “Force effects that you can instinctively cast operate at the speed of the soul.”
The instructor and his two students froze in place as the massive fragments settled to the ground in a shower of stone chips and dust.  Will was almost as surprised by what had happened as the others were, even though it had been his magic that saved them.  Looking up, he saw a long crack growing along the surface of the dam accompanied by more cracking and popping sounds.  Smaller pieces of stone continued to fall, and water began to spray from the crack.
Duncan’s mouth fell open.  Then he muttered, “We’re dead.”
Stephanie turned to run, but Will caught her wrist.  “We can’t outrun it.  We’d need an hour’s head start to get somewhere safe.  We have to shore up the dam.”  Even as he spoke, the buttress to their left shifted sideways as it surrendered under the immense strain.  The temporary iron brace was also beginning to bend.  It appeared neither of them were operating according to the designer’s expectations.
The sorceress’ face was red as she jerked and tried to pull away, but Will’s grip was like iron.  “Let me go, churl!  I’m not dying here with you!”
He ignored her as he constructed a different force spell above the palm of his other hand, one meant to conjure a flat, wall-like force effect.  Unlike the point-defense spell, he couldn’t cast it reflexively, but it was only third-order, so it only took a few seconds to prepare.  Will invested it with power and applied it to the weak portion of the dam above them.
As Will had learned previously, force effects ignored basic physics in several important ways.  For one, they ignored things like mass, inertia, and momentum.  A force shield couldn’t be moved by any amount of normal matter.  Its key limitation lay in the amount of turyn required, for the energy needed increased exponentially as a function of both distance from the caster and the size of the effect being created.
In this case, the wall that Will created was over thirty feet above his head, and it covered a ten by twenty-foot area.  Those two factors combined meant that he wouldn’t be able to maintain the spell for more than a minute, even though he had already expanded his outer shell and begun absorbing turyn as quickly as possible.  The instructor pointed out that fact almost immediately.  “Nice idea, but we can’t keep that up.”
The workers beside the failing metal brace looked at Duncan uncertainly.  They were seconds from panic.  Will spoke quickly, “I can keep it in place for a minute or two. Stephanie, if you use your elemental to supplement your power, you and I can take turns keeping a force wall in place.  The workers can sort out the problem with the iron brace while we do that, right, Instructor?”
Duncan nodded. “We don’t have any other options.”
“I don’t know that spell,” said Stephanie, pulling away.  “Let me go!”  Will’s hand clamped down harder on her wrist.  “You’re hurting me!” she shrieked.
Will found it hard to believe she hadn’t learned one of the most basic spells they had been taught at the beginning of their second year.  Nobles!  Stupid, lazy… He pushed those thoughts away.  They wouldn’t help.  Instead he attached a source-link to her with barely a thought and began draining her turyn.
“What are you doing?” she asked, her eyes widening in alarm.  “Stop!”
“Draw from your elemental.  Together we can hold this,” Will explained.
Stephanie continued to struggle, but her strength faded quickly.  She did draw some turyn from her elemental, so she wound up helping him inadvertently.  As the seconds ticked by, Will saw Duncan join the laborers and begin working to reinforce the iron brace.  From what he could see without joining them, the central beam had started to fold in an unusual manner, though whether that was because of a flaw in the material or unexpectedly high stresses he didn’t know.
The workers wrestled the heavy iron bars into place while Duncan took the unusual step of welding them directly with magic.  Will knew it took a lot of turyn to do, and he worried about the cost to his teacher, but it wasn’t as though they had any better options at that point.  “How much longer?” yelled Will.  Stephanie and her elemental had run dry, and the turyn he was absorbing wouldn’t be enough to last much longer.
“Ten minutes. Can you hold it that long?” called the instructor.
Will nodded, closing his eyes as he released Stephanie’s hand.  She slumped to the ground beside him, exhausted but still conscious, barely.  She watched him with angry eyes.
Internally, Will tried not to panic, but he knew with certainty that he wouldn’t last another minute, much less ten.  What do I do?  What do I do?  His thoughts ran in circles without providing solutions.  I need to absorb turyn faster.  He stretched outward, trying to make his outer shell, the boundary that he drew turyn in with, larger.  He failed, but he kept pushing.
Something happened then, and it felt as though his body was slipping away.  For a split second he was looking down on himself, as though he floated in the air.  Unfortunately, his control also vanished.  The energy stopped completely, until his perspective snapped back into its accustomed place, and then he had to work furiously to catch up.  The brief loss of control had put him even further behind.
Sweat rolled down his forehead, and the world began to turn gray as he came to the end of his supply of turyn.  Oddly, something occurred to him then, a memory of a lesson in alchemy.  “The rate of diffusion of one solute into another is dependent on the difference in concentrations.”  Who had said that?  Arrogan, or perhaps Professor Karlovic, it hardly mattered.  It worked for liquids and gases, surely it would be the same for turyn as well.
Desperate, he split his concentration as he tried something new.  He pushed outward with his absorption shell, while at the same time pulling inward on the turyn that entered it, keeping the turyn compacted at the center to create an energy vacuum within most of the space around him. It had just been a vague notion in his mind, but it made sense, and somehow, it worked.  His rate of turyn absorption increased, and as the seconds ticked by, he began to feel hopeful.  It seemed he was absorbing close to the same amount of turyn he was using.
He wasn’t sure if it was slightly more, or slightly less, though.  Time would tell.  “Are you holding up?” asked the instructor worriedly.  “This is taking longer than I thought.”
Will opened his eyes to stare at Duncan, but he didn’t dare speak.  The world was spinning, and he felt as though the slightest disturbance might cause him to topple into disaster.  He gave a faint nod, then closed his eyes again.  Watching them didn’t help his state of mind.  It just made it seem as though time was passing even more slowly.
I can do this, he reminded himself, trying to deny the panic bubbling up just beneath the surface of his conscious mind.  Don’t think about the time.  His breath came in short gasps as his strict turyn control left his body bereft of its normal energy for autonomic functions.  He had to consciously remember to breathe.  As if I don’t have enough to worry about.
An eternity ticked by with agonizing slowness.  He began to think he might make it.  The instructor and the workers had to be close.  It was then that his heart began to lose its rhythm, and unlike breathing, he had no idea how to manage it consciously.  It felt as though it was racing, then his chest tightened with pain and the world started to grow black.
“It’s ready!  Let go, Will!” came the instructor’s words, ringing loudly in his ears.  With a gasp, Will released the spell and forgot everything as his body jerked and he fell to the ground.  A convulsive spasm shot through him, and he thought he might be dying, but then the tightness in his chest faded and his vision began to return to normal.  He didn’t bother trying to stand up.  Lying down was enough, and he focused on breathing.
“Is he alive?” asked Duncan, leaning over and looking down at Will.
Stephanie answered acidly, “It appears so, unfortunately.”
“He saved our lives, Miss Beresford.  You ought to be grateful for that,” snapped the instructor with a stern expression on his face.
The young noblewoman didn’t reply, but Will spoke up faintly to reassure his teacher, “I’m fine.  I think.”
Stephanie found her tongue then.  “You won’t be after I report your assault.”  She rubbed conspicuously at her wrist as she stared down at him.
Will caught sight of the red skin which was probably the first sign of a bruise.  In his panic he had probably gripped her arm far too firmly, but then again, if she hadn’t been trying to abandon them, he wouldn’t have had to do so.  Ordinarily he would have felt bad about having hurt her, but instead his fatigue and the look of spite on Stephanie’s face combined within him to produce a different reaction.
He began to laugh.
“What’s so funny?” she demanded, staring at him suspiciously.
“You,” said Will, still chuckling.
“You won’t find it a laughing matter once everyone knows about your awful behavior,” she snapped.  “Once I explain to them what you tried to do to me!”  Her visage had taken on a look of almost gleeful malice.
Still lying on the ground, he looked up, meeting her eyes evenly.  “Really?  Is that what you think?  Are you sure you’ve thought this through properly?”
Stephanie had never shown herself to be particularly bright in class, or anywhere else that he had seen, but as he watched her face, he could almost see the moment that her mind finished the social calculus, and she realized her error.  A hint of uncertainty showed in her eyes.  “They’ll believe me when I show them this,” she insisted, lifting her injured arm.
He sat up, shaking his head sadly.  “I used to live in fear of people like you.  You twist the truth to suit your whims, and regular people, people like me, are forced to simply accept the results.  But that isn’t the case anymore, is it Stephanie?  Maybe you should rethink your plan for revenge against me for saving your life.  There’s two ways this can play out after we return.
“One, you can stick to the truth, and we’ll both leave out the part about your shameful cowardice.  Or two, you can spread lies and we’ll see who winds up with more shit stuck to them in the end.  You remember who my wife is now, don’t you?”
Her eyes narrowed. “Assuming she doesn’t cast you aside after she hears what—”
Will rose, dusting himself off.  “Go ahead,” he said, interrupting.  “Selene trusts me, and not for any reason you’d understand.  We’ve been through fire and blood together.  Unlike you, she doesn’t judge people according to their wealth or social standing.  She’ll see through your lies before I even tell her my side of the story.”
He turned his back and began walking away.  “So say whatever you wish when you get back.  I would personally recommend the version in which you heroically assisted me in keeping this dam from failing, because the story you were thinking about telling ends with you bringing shame to your family.”
Chapter 2
Will spent hours more at the dam assisting Duncan in making sure his makeshift repairs were stable before eventually being told to get some rest.  He was only too glad to accept that order.  The ride back to Wurthaven took nearly two hours, and he had to share the carriage with Stephanie.  She made a point of pretending he didn’t exist, and he returned the courtesy.  Still, it made for an awkward period.
Back at the college, he disembarked and began walking toward his new home, one of the larger buildings among the private residences set aside for the senior masters of the college.  In fact, it had once been the chancellor’s manse until just a decade ago, when funds had been set aside to build the chancellor a newer dwelling more in keeping with the modern trends in architecture.  The vice-chancellor had been considering a move when Selene’s influence took the choice out of his hands.  Will still marveled at the speed with which she had moved.
She only had one day after we were married, and yet she managed to set me up as though I were a nobleman, he thought wryly.
He mentally reviewed the last year in his mind as he walked.  Thanks to his grandmother he didn’t feel much like a married man, for he hadn’t seen his royal bride since their first day of marriage, nearly twelve months past.  He’d finished his first year at Wurthaven alone, and now he was right in the middle of his second year.
Several students waved at him as he walked.  Will nodded and smiled politely but didn’t stop to talk to any of them.  They weren’t friends.  People had begun to treat him differently once it became known who he had married.  Everyone was polite now, no one dared ignore him, and when he spoke, people listened.  Having just passed his nineteenth birthday (alone—again), it felt strange to receive such deference, especially when he knew quite well that many of them despised him.  Marrying the princess hadn’t made him any friends, merely enemies who didn’t dare do anything else but pretend at friendship.
Finally reaching the short walk through his private yard, he took a moment to study the place he had been told was his home.  It was a three-story building with an elegant portico framing the front entrance.  Marble columns on either side supported a second-floor balcony overlooking the small but well-kept garden that served as the front yard.  Will advanced to the door and opened it without knocking, for it wasn’t locked.  He threw the bolt home once he was inside, though.
“I’m back!” he said loudly, but there was no answer.  Will glanced around anxiously, studying the open door to the cloak room and then gazing down the entry hall.  There was no one in sight.  “I swear to the Holy Mother if you’re planning on ambushing me, I’ll tie you up and strap you until you’re black and blue.  Do you hear me?  I’m not joking!  It’s been a long day.”
There was no answer, and Will felt his blood pressure rising.  Moving carefully, he took the right-hand doorway into the front sitting room.  No one jumped out at him, but he didn’t relax.  He called out once more, “Blake, where are you?”  Blake was the servant that Selene had forced on him before she had left, though the term servant didn’t quite fit.  Blake had made the arrangements for the house, along with everything else in Will’s life.  His nominal title was butler, but Blake Word was a gentleman’s gentleman and it was his job not only to take care of Will, but to train him to be the sort of man worthy of being married to the king’s daughter.
“I’m in the kitchen,” came Blake’s answer.
“Where’s Selene?” responded Will, yelling back.
“Not sure.  I’m sure she’ll find you soon enough.”
“Shit,” swore Will.  She could be anywhere.  He scanned the sitting room once more, studying the corners of the room.  The turyn in the room seemed to be moving normally, but that didn’t mean much; his opponent was skilled in masking her presence.  Will shifted his vision to enable him to see heart-light, and the room shifted into shades of gray.  In one corner he could see a vaguely feminine outline.
As soon as his eyes focused on the figure, she launched herself at him, not as a woman would, but in the manner of a hunting cat.  Selene leaped into the air, crossing the distance between them in an instant.  She was stopped abruptly when her face met the point-defense shield that Will erected to halt her advance.
Selene’s head snapped back painfully as she met the force shield and she fell over backward.  Will stepped forward and put his boot on her neck, forcing her down against the rug.  The saber he had summoned from his limnthal was pointed at her chest.  “I told you I wasn’t in the mood for this,” he ground out, his voice cold and angry.
Selene smiled up at him, her tongue darting out to lick away the blood from her split lip in a manner that somehow betrayed her non-human nature.  “Survival isn’t about being in the mood.”  Then she focused on the tip of his sword.  “But the iron is rude.  I’m only trying to help you.”
“If Blake sees you do something like that, he’s going to know you aren’t the real Selene,” Will warned quietly.  The woman under his boot was Tailtiu, one of the fae, and technically his aunt.
“Don’t be a fool.  He already knows.  He’s playing along because his mistress ordered him to.  May I get up?” asked Tailtiu, indicating the foot he still had on her neck.  Her lip had already healed.
“I suppose.”  Will sent the sword back to its place inside the limnthal, then removed his foot.  As soon as he lifted it, Tailtiu’s hand came up, grabbing his heel and shoving his foot up and back, forcing him off balance.  Will fell back, and the fae woman was on top of him in the span of half a second, her fist driving down at his face.  Will smiled maliciously at her as he heard the bones snap when Tailtiu’s fist met his newest point-defense shield just before it could reach his head.  His grin vanished when a sharp pain lanced through his skull.  “Ow!”
His aunt shook her hand but gave no other sign that it hurt.  “I’m the one with the wounded hand, or did I somehow hit you without knowing it?”  She was still straddling his waist and she looked down.  “Or did I hurt something else?”
“No, it was the spell I think,” said Will, gritting his teeth as his head began to pound.  “I think I overdid it today.”
“You should have told me,” said Tailtiu reproachfully.  “What if you hurt yourself?”  Her hips were moving slowly.  “Does this help?”
“Stop that!” snapped Will.  “Get off me.”  After she had complied, he added with a glare, “I did tell you, or I tried to.”
“The part about beating me black and blue?  I thought that was just a tease.”
Will sat up, massaging his temples, but the ache refused to subside.  “The dam we were repairing almost collapsed today.  I used magic to brace it for ten minutes or more.”
“You’ve been learning earth magics then?  You didn’t mention that,” she remarked.
He shook his head.  “No.  The only thing I could think to use was a force-effect spell that wasn’t really meant for that kind of thing.  The turyn drain was almost impossible for me to keep up with.”
His aunt sighed.  “Only a human would use something like that when it would be simpler to reshape the stone.”
“Can wild magic do that?” asked Will.  He had seen her reshape her body in many different ways, her current disguise being one of the mildest examples, but he had never observed her using magic outside of her own physical being.
She nodded.  “Some of my people can manage such things, usually those who are older, or if they have a special affinity with earth magic.  None of us use the force magics that you seem to prefer.  They’re unnatural.”
“What about Grandmother?”
Tailtiu waved a hand dismissively.  “Mother was a wizard before becoming fae: it goes without saying that she can use your magics.”
Will’s head continued to ache, which only served to accentuate his sour mood.  The long ride back from the worksite had done nothing to ease his anger at Stephanie Beresford’s attitude.  Being attacked as soon as he entered the house certainly didn’t help either.  His ears picked up the soft sound of Blake’s footsteps just moments before the other door into the sitting room opened.
Blake looked askance at him.  “Should I brew something for a headache, sir?”  He barely glanced at Tailtiu, even though she visually appeared to be his mistress, Selene.
Tailtiu’s probably right, thought Will.  He’d show more deference to her if he really believed she was the princess. “That might be nice, though I don’t know if it will help,” answered Will with a look of gratitude.
Blake nodded, already turning back toward the kitchen.  “I’ll put the kettle on.”
A short while later Will sat in relative comfort, sipping a cup of willow bark tea.  It tasted awful, acrid and bitter, but he knew from experience how well it worked for aches and pains.  It had been one of the first things his mother had taught him.  He was seated in a wide, cushioned chair, a luxury he had come to take for granted more quickly than he would have previously believed.  When he thought about it, it bothered him.  His new life was changing him, making him soft in certain ways.  Of course, at the same time it was making him tougher in others.  His eyes landed on Tailtiu as that thought crossed his mind and he pursed his lips.  She met his gaze and lifted one brow in an unspoken question.  As usual, she’s probably wondering if I’m looking at her physical attributes, he noted mentally.  He glanced away, telegraphing his lack of interest—he hoped.
His aunt’s random acts of violence served to keep him alert.  At one point in the past he had attempted to call her bluff by refusing to react to one of her faux assassination attempts.  His operating theory had been that she wouldn’t dare to actually harm him, so if he refused to play the game she would have to give up.  That lesson had cost him one of his three remaining regeneration potions to mend a broken arm and replace a lost tooth, not to mention the bruises that accompanied those injuries.
As Arrogan had originally shown him, pain was an excellent teacher.
His headache put a damper on his desire to cook.  Blake was excellent in almost every regard, but the man was mediocre in the kitchen.  It had been  Blake’s original suggestion to hire a cook, but Will had refused, preferring to handle those chores himself.  Today he regretted it.  “I don’t feel like cooking,” he pronounced.
“Shall I, then?” asked his manservant.
Will grimaced.  “Cured ham and bread will be enough.  Don’t trouble yourself.”
Taitiu smiled, showing teeth that would probably have been pointed if Blake hadn’t been in the room.  “I’ll never understand your desire for cold meat.  It’s much better warm.”
Will knew what she really meant.  Tailtiu’s idea of cooking meant making sure her food’s heartbeat stopped before she finished eating it.  Preferably somewhere in the middle of the process.  He repressed a shudder at the thought.
Blake stood and went to a small side table in the front entry hall.  He returned a moment later with a small wooden bowl, which he offered to Will.  Inside were several calling cards.
“How many were there today?” asked Will.
“Just three.”
Will nodded, waving the bowl away.  “I’m not seeing any of them.”
“One of them was from Laina Nerrow,” Blake informed him before glancing in Tailtiu’s direction.  Laina was the older daughter of the baron Mark Nerrow, and unbeknownst to most, including herself, she was Will’s half-sister.  More importantly, she was Selene’s closest friend, and over the recent months she had been growing increasingly impatient with her inability to meet with Selene face-to-face.
Tailtiu rose from her seat and gave Blake her best look of indifference.  “Tell her I’m indisposed.  I haven’t been feeling well recently.”  She patted one cheek as though to comfort herself.  “I think I’ll retire early.”  She gave Will a smoldering look.  “I’ll be waiting for you in the bedroom.”
Will gave Blake a helpless look and shrugged.  “I’ll be in my study.  Bring the meat and bread up when you have them ready.”
“You can’t ignore her forever,” suggested Blake.
“You might be surprised,” Will responded, getting to his feet and heading for the private office where he did most of his studying.  He had never imagined having something so pretentious as an office of his own, much less the grand house it was located within, but he was learning to adapt to the circumstances.
He found his place in the cushioned chair and put his feet up on the desk.  Then he summoned the limnthal and addressed the ring he wore on his right hand.  “I think I hurt myself today.”
Arrogan’s sour voice replied from the air in front of him, “And so you felt the need to wake me up to cry about it?  Don’t be such a titty baby.”
It had been a considerable length of time since he had last spoken to the spirit of his former master, so the language caught him off guard.  “What?” he sputtered.
“You heard me.”
Will’s eyes narrowed, though the expression was pointless since the ring had no eyes to see his face.  “It’s been well over a month since we last talked.”
“You still don’t get it, do you?” said Arrogan.  “I told you before.  I have no sense of time when I’m inactive.  For all intents and purposes, I cease to exist, so every time you speak to me it feels as though our last conversation was just seconds ago.”
“I guess that makes it easy to remember what we were talking about then.”
“It’s damned annoying,” the ring shot back.  “My entire existence is one endless conversation—with you.  Think about that from my perspective for a moment.”
“I see,” said Will without sympathy.
“The hell you do, otherwise you’d be screaming as the existential horror seeped into that lard-filled bag you use for a brain.”
Will found himself snickering.  He’d missed the old man’s biting conversations.  “I’ll try to meditate on your misery later.  In the meantime, I really do think I hurt myself.”
The ring sighed.  “And that’s the extent of the sympathy I can expect.  I suppose I should be happy with that much.  I’m just a piece of jewelry after all.  Fine, let’s talk about your problem.  I’m sure it’s serious.”
“And you called me a ‘titty baby’ just a minute ago.”
A long pause followed before Arrogan finally responded, “Point taken.  All right, tell me what’s wrong with you this time.”
Will did his best to describe what he had experienced at the dam when he had been struggling to draw enough turyn to maintain his spell, but he had difficulty finding words to express what he had done.  “I sort of pulled all my turyn into a tightly concentrated knot, but I kept the outer shell I was using to draw turyn in with large, even though it was mostly empty.”
“You maximized the concentration differential and the active surface area at the same time, is that what you mean?”
“Yes!”  He felt a surge of excitement as the ring’s description perfectly captured what he was trying to say.  The terms Arrogan used were commonly used in alchemy, which was something entirely different, but they matched what had happened.
“Perfectly normal,” pronounced his mentor.  “Most second- and third-order wizards stumble across the technique eventually.”
Will frowned.  “You’ve mentioned orders in reference to wizards in the past, but you didn’t have a ranking system for spells like we do these days.  That doesn’t make sense to me.”
“People use classifications to make sense of the things that are important to them.  That should give you a clue as to the fundamental difference between the wizardry of my day and the wizards of yours.”
He thought about it for a moment.  “You’re saying they were more concerned with the skill of the wizard in your day, but now all we think about is the difficulty of the spell?  I’m not sure why that would be the case.  We still use the same spells, for the most part.”
“But the wizards today are different,” Arrogan pointed out.  “Back then spell difficulty didn’t matter because any wizard could manage just about any spell.  That’s why we just called them hard or easy but we didn’t bother giving them fancy ranks and orders.”
“And now there’s only one order of wizardry,” finished Will.
“Wrong.  Now there’s no order of wizardry.”  Will waited, ruminating over the remark, and eventually his former teacher continued, “Remember how we classified wizards.  First-order meant the practitioner had compressed his source once, such that it only produced half the turyn of a normal person.  Second-order meant they had halved it again, to one quarter, and third-order meant it had been halved a third time, to one eighth.  The people running around pretending to be wizards in this degenerate age haven’t compressed their source even a single time.”
“Ahh,” said Will, nodding.
“You know what we called wizards who hadn’t compressed their source yet back in my day?”
“What?”
“Apprentices.”
“I still think it would have been helpful to classify the spells like they do now,” remarked Will.
“Maybe,” admitted the ring, “but you see what I mean now, don’t you?  For us it was more important to pay attention to a wizard’s skill level, or at least his potential.”
“I’m not sure I see why.  You already said that any wizard could use any spell.  What makes third-order any better than first, other than how long they might live?”
“Don’t discount age.  It’s an important factor.  Your ability will become more refined with time, and the more time you have, the more polish you will acquire.  But again, you’re right, based on your limited understanding at least.  In my day a first-, second-, or third-order wizard could do most of the same things.  None of them were killing themselves by using magic, and almost all spells were manageable by anyone.  The big difference between the three orders is in their relative potential, both in the long and short term.  Not only does the third-order wizard have four times the number of years to perfect his craft compared to his first-order colleague, but the speed at which he could be expected to improve his control and the heights to which he might rise were also greater.”
“Control?”
“Turyn control,” emphasized Arrogan.  “The order a wizard achieves is a very good indicator of how much control he will be able to attain, how well he will be able to manage the turyn within himself and around himself.  Back then, most wizards were first-order, and a much smaller portion, perhaps one in a hundred managed second-order.  Very few made it to third-order.”
“How few?”
“I only knew of a few dozen.  I’d give you a percentage, but that would be a little skewed, since the third-order wizards also lived a lot longer.  Suffice to say, it was big news when someone managed to coax an apprentice up to third-order.  Most didn’t try.”
“Because of the death rate,” said Will dryly.
“Exactly.”
He still had trouble reconciling the fact that Arrogan’s last journal had revealed his secret grandfatherly feelings for Will, and yet the old man had still pushed him toward something that had had every chance of killing him.  The two things seemed to be at odds.  Will stayed silent, lost in thought.
“You know I don’t remember the final years, so I don’t know for sure what I was thinking,” said Arrogan suddenly.  “But I have a pretty good idea what I must have been thinking.”
Will lifted his chin.  “And?”
“Well, given the odds, it’s obvious I was desperate to get rid of you.”  A wicked laugh issued from the ring.  “Ha!  You thought I’d say something sappy, didn’t you?”
He found himself shaking his head.  “No, I honestly didn’t.  I know better.”
“Then listen up.  If I pushed you all the way to third-order it means I had a damn good reason to think you were capable of it.  Do you know how many apprentices I lost?”  The ring paused for a second, then answered the question.  “None.  Do you know why?  Because I was that good.  Maybe I was mean as hell, I won’t argue that, but I knew how to train an apprentice.  I wouldn’t have pushed you to try for third-order if I wasn’t pretty damn sure you’d succeed.”
Will blinked, feeling a sudden warmth rising to his cheeks.  “How could you tell?”
“Tell what?”
“If you thought someone could succeed, without dying.”
“Intuition and careful observation.  You watch enough people learning to use magic and you start to get a sense for those who have talent.  Talent and stubbornness were the things I looked for.  Lucky for you, neither common sense nor intelligence seem to be important factors, otherwise I’d probably have just traded you for a cow or something more useful and less aggravating.”
“You almost slipped up there.  That was dangerously close to a compliment,” noted Will wryly.
The ring ignored him.  “So, you seem to be developing a more mature control of turyn, but you said you hurt yourself.”
He described the pain he’d started having after using the point-defense spell at home.
“Sounds like you sprained your will,” observed Arrogan.
“Is that the same thing that happened to me when I first started expressing turyn?”
“I don’t remember the event in question, so I don’t know.  It’s helpful to think of your will as a muscle, even though it isn’t.  Regular exercise will make it stronger, but if you overdo it you can injure yourself.  An injury to your will can range from something akin to a muscle sprain to something every bit as serious as tearing a muscle free of the bone.  Any serious user of magic will eventually hurt themselves, but if you don’t learn to avoid overdoing it you could potentially destroy your ability to use turyn—completely.”
“So what should I do?”
“Avoid using any magic for a few days.  Try something small after that.  You’ll have recovered from a minor injury in that time, but if it still gives you a headache, or any pain at all for that matter, then you should give yourself a full two weeks of rest, because that would indicate that you hurt yourself pretty badly.”
“That really does sound similar to a muscle injury,” agreed Will.
“It’s a useful analogy.”
Will glanced up as a bell rang from the front hall.  Someone was at the door.  It was already after dark and he hadn’t agreed to meet anyone, so the interruption annoyed him.  He considered letting Blake answer it, but a sudden impulse overtook him.  Standing up, he stepped out of the study and shouted toward the kitchen, “I’ll see who it is.”  After hearing Blake’s acknowledgement, he strode purposefully to the front hall.
Chapter 3
A small figure stood before his front door, covered in a heavy wool cloak that was steadily dripping water.  It had been raining heavily since shortly after Will had arrived home, but his visitor had apparently been caught by the elements.
Wool was an excellent material for damp weather.  It could absorb many times its own weight in water before actually becoming wet, but once it had reached its limit it became a serious liability.  Not only would it be wet, but it also weighed many times its normal dry weight.  Will couldn’t see his visitor’s face but he knew better than to allow an unannounced stranger inside.  Despite his newfound influence as Selene’s husband he had no doubt that he had far more enemies than friends.
He spoke through the small window inset in the center of the heavy oaken door.  “Whatever it is we’re not interested.  Leave a card tomorrow.”
As he began closing the window, the stranger replied, “Please.  I need to see Selene.  She wouldn’t turn me away.”  The voice was distinctly feminine with a cultured accent.  It reminded him of Stephanie Beresford.
Just a year before, he would never have considered turning a woman away from his door when it was raining, but he was significantly less trusting these days.  He had changed.  Plus Tailtiu had already retired for the evening, meaning she had left.  In spite of her part in keeping up the illusion that Selene was living there, Will refused to let her sleep anywhere near him. Selene’s doppelganger was probably already back in Faerie.
“Sorry.  No visitors without an appointment.”  He felt a faint pang of guilt as he shut the tiny wooden door that closed the window.
Before he had gone two paces a persistent banging began as the woman outside began pounding on the door.  “Please!  I left my card earlier.  I have to see her!”
Will took a deep breath to calm himself, then returned to the door.  This time he drew the bolt and opened the door so he could see the woman better.  “I already told you we—”  He fell back as the heavy wood slammed into him.  It caught him slightly off balance and he fell to the right, catching himself on the wall as the woman shouldered her way through the opening.
“Selene!” she yelled, her voice piercing in both its clarity and volume.  “Selene, it’s me!  I need your help.  Where are you?”
Tailtiu’s daily lessons had left their mark on him, and in spite of his surprise Will reacted a bit more decisively than he probably would have otherwise.  As he pushed himself back away from the wall, his right foot swept out to hook the stranger’s ankle before she could get out of reach.  A second later his hand found her shoulder and he spun her around and sent her into a tumbling fall.  Her head made a sharp ‘clack’ as her jaw struck the wood paneling, slamming her mouth shut.  Will’s teeth hurt in sympathy as the sound registered.  Ouch!
“Sorry for that,” Will apologized reflexively.  “But you can’t just barge in here.  Who are you?”  His hand reached for the woman’s hood.  In a sudden panic she jerked, and her hand came up.  Once again Will’s training took over before he recognized the fact that the woman was merely trying to keep her hood down.  He caught her arm and twisted it into a wristlock before he had a chance to think.  He released it just as quickly, feeling a sense of shame.  It seems like I’ve done nothing but abuse women today.
“Ow!  Let me go, you brute!” she shrieked as her hood fell away.  Wet hair fell forward to hide her features, but not before Will recognized the face.
“Laina?” he asked in shock, releasing his half-sister and moving away to put more distance between them.
She seemed to flinch as he said her name.  “Don’t look at me,” she ordered.  Beneath the shadow of her hair Will could see that her eyes were red and swollen.  Had she been crying?  Laina looked away before he could make up his mind.
“Why were you out in the rain?  Alone?  Where’s your escort?” he asked feeling a sudden rush of protective concern for her.  Laina had never liked him, and truth be told he didn’t much care for her either.  Everything he knew of her had shown him that she was a typical young noblewoman, spoiled and entitled.  But she was still his sister, even if she didn’t know it.
“None of your business,” she snapped.  “Where’s Selene?  You can’t keep her away from me forever.”
There was blood at the corner of her mouth, making Will feel even worse.  Probably from when she hit the wall. “Are you all right?  You’re bleeding.”  He pointed at his own lip to point out where the blood was, then he reached into a pocket and dug out a handkerchief to offer her.
Laina batted his offering away.  “I’m fine.  What have you done with Selene?  Are you hiding her?  If you’ve done something to her, I’ll see that you pay for it in blood.  Do you hear me?”  Her red, swollen eyes held a certain intensity that utterly overshadowed her bedraggled and pitiful appearance.  Will believed her.
Whatever his sister’s other faults might be, she was at the least a loyal friend.
“She isn’t here,” he admitted.
“Liar.  People have seen her.  Even the king says she’s here, with you, though I’ll never understand why.”
“I can’t explain the details,” said Will directly.  “You wouldn’t believe me anyway.  Maybe you’ll believe her when she gets back.  I’m sure she’ll explain everything then.”
“You’re blackmailing her, aren’t you?” accused Laina.  “This is some sort of extortion.  It’s the only way to explain this sham marriage.”
Will threw his hands up in resignation.  “There’s no reasoning with you.”
“It might be a bit more believable if you weren’t keeping her locked away somewhere like a prisoner.  No one has been able to see her in person.”
“That’s not true,” Will argued.  “Why, just last week…”
“No one that knows her—personally,” corrected Laina.  “What are you doing to her?  Have you locked her away?  There’s no reason why she would refuse to see me.”
Will sighed.  “This isn’t getting us anywhere.”  He moved to the door, intending to show her the way out, then paused.  It was still raining heavily.  “I’ll have my man get a carriage for you.”
“I need to see her,” said Laina once more, a faint tone of desperation in her voice.
“She isn’t here, but I’ll make sure she talks to you first when she returns,” he answered.
“When will that be?”
Months?  Years?  He didn’t know.  “It could be a while.”
Laina’s prideful visage cracked.  “Please.  I need her help.”
The look on her face made Will’s chest tighten.  Whatever Laina’s problem was, she obviously thought it was a serious concern.  “Maybe I could help?” he offered.  “If you’ll tell me what you—”
His half-sister’s features hardened.  “I’d sooner beg on the streets.”  She turned to the door on her own, opening it and stepping out.  Then she glanced back at him.  “You’ll get yours when I figure out what you’ve done to her.  Mark my words.”
“It’s still raining,” he cautioned.  “Let me get you a coach—”  The door slammed shut.
Blake stepped out from the front room.  “Perhaps you should have woken her to come down and see her.”
Will glared at the man.  He was all but certain that Blake knew about Tailtiu’s ruse.  “Laina knows her too well.  You should know that as well as…”
Blake coughed, interrupting him.  “I’m not sure what you’re getting at, sir.  Perhaps I should ask His Majesty for some clarification.”  There was a warning in the man’s eyes.
Will closed his mouth abruptly.  Translation:  don’t say anything that you don’t want the king to hear about.  Blake was clearly loyal to his mistress, but as Will had found out in the past, no one dared attempt lying to the king, not if they valued their lives.
He stared at his manservant for a long minute, listening to the rain pouring down outside.  Then he turned to open the door and go out.
Blake called out to him with concern in his voice, “It’s cold and wet out there, sir.  Let me get you a rain cover.”
“No time,” said Will.  “I’ll be back later.”
“It’s dark.  It isn’t safe to be out in this alone.”
“Exactly.”
It should have been a half-moon that night, but the rainclouds ruined any chance of decent illumination.  Will earned himself a painful headache as he adjusted his vision to make the best use of the scanty light.  Apparently wild magic was just as bad for him as formal spells when it came to his injury.  He followed Laina while keeping a considerable distance between them, trusting distance and the dim light to keep him unobserved.
The rain soaked through his doublet and undershirt as he followed Laina across Wurthaven’s dark lawns and down the lane that led to the main entrance.  He regretted ignoring Blake’s advice.  An oilcloth cover would have kept the worst of the water off, but what he missed most was his brigandine under-armor.  He’d taken it off as soon as he’d gone to his study.  Being outdoors without at least that much protection made him feel vulnerable.
The past year had made him a very paranoid young man.
And I’m probably wasting my time, he thought to himself.  Chances are she’ll get home without any trouble at all and I’ll have gotten myself soaked and chilled for naught.
As Laina left Wurthaven behind and stepped onto the main road, Will noticed movement in the darkness ahead.  Someone else was following her.  His heart sped up, and he quickened his steps.
His mind considered the situation as he tried to close the distance.  The stranger was skillful, following Laina at a distance of less than thirty yards without making enough noise to alert her.  The newcomer clearly didn’t have his ability to see in the dark, though, otherwise the fellow would have kept a greater distance, like Will.  Or is he just following her?  He had no way of knowing the stranger’s intentions.  “But I’ll find out,” he whispered under his breath.
He would have loved to use magic to hide himself, or to cover the sounds of his movement, but he didn’t dare risk incapacitating himself.  He relied on the noise of the rain to cover his approach, and he was no slouch at moving quietly when he needed to.  Will sped up and began to close ground.
The stranger was getting closer to Laina as well, and as the man passed under a streetlamp at the next intersection Will saw a flash of metal.  Will charged.
The shadowy figure was less than ten feet from Laina’s unsuspecting back when Will reached him.  The man heard him splash through a puddle at the last moment, and Will saw a flash of bright eyes and thin brows above a cloth mask as the man turned and ducked his first punch.
The fellow failed to avoid the second, simultaneous swing, which connected with the his midsection.  The man folded slightly, the air rushing from his lungs, while Will felt a sharp pain shoot up his arm.  The assassin had been wearing some sort of armor.
Will’s opponent had fallen to the ground, but the man rolled out of the way before Will could bring his foot down.  Glancing up, Will felt a sense of relief as he saw that Laina had already noticed the fight and was wisely running away.  He focused on her assailant.  It was time to get some answers.
The man had already gotten back to his feet, and now that he had time to observe the fellow he could see that the man was rather short with a slim build.  This will be quick.  He moved in and was surprised when his foe spun, turning his back on him, something only a fool would do.  When the man leapt from the ground and continued the spin, Will was almost caught off-guard by the heavy boot that came rushing at his head.
Will threw himself to the side, robbing the kick of some of its sting, but he still fell hard.  He caught himself on one hand and pushed himself back toward the man, who was following up the kick with a lunging stomp.  His sudden change of direction put him inside the fellow’s attack, and he took advantage by driving his fist into the man’s groin as the stranger stomped at the place where he’d expected Will to be.
The man let out a brief grunt of pain but didn’t fall, even though Will was sure he’d connected solidly.  His opponent took a step back, but Will pressed his attack, creating a point-defense shield to trip his foe.
Or rather, he tried to do so.  A crashing wave of pain overwhelmed him and for a moment he couldn’t see.  It was followed by a more familiar sort of pain as his opponent took advantage of the moment and drove an elbow into the side of his head.  Will fell sideways and caught a boot to the belly as he tried to cover his head.  Then his vision cleared, and he saw a flash as a long-bladed knife appeared in the stranger’s hand.
The world slowed to a crawl as Will tried to move in time, but his body wouldn’t respond quickly enough.  A sharp pain took his breath away, and then his head slammed into the cobblestones.  Everything went black.
Sometime later he became aware of something striking his face at irregular intervals.  Raindrops.  With a groan he pried his eyes open.  His head hurt fiercely, and he appeared to be lying in the gutter.  A small river of rainwater flowed around his shoulder and along his back.
Cautiously, Will sat up, inspecting himself for the stab wounds he expected to find on his torso.  He didn’t find any, but his head pounded every time he turned it to look this way or that.  “I’m alive,” he muttered.  “Why am I alive?”
“Because you’re damned lucky,” said a male voice.  Will recognized it immediately; it was Blake Word.  Glancing back, he saw the manservant leaning against the wall behind him.  Blake was breathing heavily, as though he’d been running.
“What happened?”
“I only saw the last of it.  It looked as though you took a hell of a beating and then the fellow finished it off by slamming the pommel of his dagger into the side of your head.  I chased him off before he could do anything more.”
His fingers discovered a growing lump on the side of his head.  “I’m surprised he didn’t use the blade.”
Blake shrugged.  “You weren’t the target.  Bodies draw attention, unless you get rid of them, and that can be a lot of work.”
Will wobbled as Blake helped him to his feet.  “Do you think Laina made it home?  She started running as soon as the fight started.”
“She had a good head start then.  I chased the fellow for a short distance after I got here.  He ran in the wrong direction.  I doubt he would have been able to catch up to her after that.  Besides, he had to have been spooked after not just one, but two people intervened.  My guess is he called it a night.  If he tries again it won’t be tonight.”
Blake’s analysis made sense, but Will wanted to be sure.  He started to walk in the direction of Mark Nerrow’s city home.
Blake put a hand on his shoulder, stopping him.  “That won’t accomplish anything.  She’ll be indoors long before you get there so you won’t be able to ask her anything, and somehow I doubt you intend on knocking on Baron Nerrow’s door to inquire after Laina’s health.”
“Someone else might have jumped her on the way home.”
“You were out cold for several minutes.  If she was attacked again it will be too late.  Besides, you’re in no shape for further adventures.”
Will shrugged off the hand.  Ignoring Blake’s advice, he walked the streets until they were in front of Nerrow’s city home.  Only then, when he was certain Laina wasn’t wounded in a side alley somewhere, did he relent and allow Blake to lead him home.  The rain finally stopped while they were returning and in the quiet that followed, Blake made another observation.  “She won’t thank you for your efforts.  You know that, don’t you?  That girl hates you with a passion.”
“Doesn’t matter,” he replied.  She’s my sister.  “I don’t think she saw me clearly, which is preferable.  I’d rather not have to answer her questions or give her any more suspicions.”
Blake gave him a funny look.  “Then why bother?”
“Selene would want me to look after her,” Will answered, giving a misleading truth.  Of course, Selene would have wanted him to protect Laina, but that wasn’t his first reason.
“Good answer, and a true one, but be careful,” cautioned the older man.  “Her Highness might not like it if you spend too much attention on another woman, even her best friend.”
Will began to laugh, which made his head hurt even worse, but he couldn’t help himself.  As sharp as Blake was, it was good to know there were at least a few secrets the man hadn’t picked up on yet.  “I don’t think that will be a problem.”
The other man gave him an odd look but said nothing during the rest of their walk home.
Chapter 4
Will was slow to rise the next morning thanks in large part to his injuries.  It was a testimony to the painfulness of his bruises that they outweighed the pain of allowing Blake to cook breakfast rather than do it himself, as he normally preferred.
He poked at the rubbery eggs on his plate, dreading the next terrible mouthful, then he leveled an angry glare in Blake’s direction.  The older man sat across from him, grinning.  “You must be very grateful to finally get the chance to eat properly cooked eggs.”
“Eggs?” muttered Will sourly.  “Is that what this used to be?”
“Tut tut!  We’ll have none of that this morning!” responded Blake.  “These eggs have been cooked to perfection, just as Mama Word taught me years ago, may her soul rest in peace.  Play your cards right and I might be willing to give you lessons.”
Will stabbed his spoon in the cheerful manservant’s direction.  “Did your mother have something against butter?  Or were we out?”
Blake frowned.  “Butter is for toast.  Why in the world would you defile your eggs with it?”
Will tried not to grind his teeth, silently promising himself that he wouldn’t make the same mistake the next morning—not unless he woke up dead.  He suppressed a shudder as he swallowed another mouthful while trying to ignore the acrid scorched flavor.  It simply wasn’t possible for him to believe the other man actually enjoyed his eggs that way.  No human could enjoy this.  He filed that thought away in a mental box labeled, ‘Blake Word, Man or Monster?’
“You saved my life last night, now you’re trying to kill me with crimes against food,” he grumbled.  “What were you doing there anyway?  I don’t recall bodyguard being one of your duties.”
Blake smirked, but the expression didn’t quite reach his eyes.  “Then you’d be mistaken, which suits my purposes perfectly.”
That lined up with Will’s previous suspicions about the man.  “How long have you served Selene?”
“Since she was seven.”
“And before that?”
“I served in the army.”
“Under which lord?” asked Will.
Blake hardly blinked.  “It was detached duty, special service for His Majesty.”
Will was still learning, but he’d gained a lot of experience while in the army, and from what Blake had said the man had been either an assassin or a spymaster, possibly both.  “So, you retired from that and were rewarded with the job of royal babysitter.”
“It has been an honor to serve Her Highness.”
“Did you train her?”
The older man shrugged.  “I’m not a sorcerer, so I couldn’t help her with magic, but I taught her how to handle a blade.”
Will had never seen his wife use steel in combat, but he had seen her battling with water blades created by an elemental on several occasions.  “Then I may owe you my life yet again.  Her skill saved me a time or two.”
“I’ll take that as a compliment.”
“Perhaps you’d consider training with me a little?”
The other man laughed.  “Can you fight without magic?”
Fair point.  “I used to,” said Will.  “These days I’ve been learning to include it as an additional weapon.”
“You didn’t use it last night,” observed Blake.  “You might have won if you had.  What happened?”
Will explained his injury, then added, “When I tried to trip him with a spell, the pain caught me by surprise.  Things went downhill after that.”
“You should have retreated.  I fought the fellow briefly before he ran.  You couldn’t have matched him without magic.”
Will grimaced.  “You sure?”
Blake nodded confidently.  “I’ve been watching your fights with”—he paused for emphasis—“Selene.  While her methods are unorthodox, your fighting style with that magical shield of yours is very nearly unbeatable, but without it you wouldn’t have stood a chance.  The man you fought was a highly skilled assassin, likely trained in Faresh.”
“The desert kingdom?  How could you tell that?  He was fair-skinned.”  Will didn’t know much about the southern kingdoms, but the Farrians were famous for several things: their sugar, their textiles, and their dark skin.
Blake seemed surprised.  “You saw his skin?  Your eyes are better than mine.”
Will nodded.
“Well, light skin or dark, he was master of the Farrian fighting arts, what they call the Dalmen Kal.”
“How could you tell?” asked Will.
“That spinning back kick he used on you was the first indicator.  Add that to the fact that he nearly gutted me during the first pass when I came to your aid and I can say I’m fairly confident.”
“He was better than you then?”
The older man shrugged.  “You don’t survive the type of duties I had in the army by being stupid or overconfident.  I’m not as young as I used to be.  I had the advantage of size and reach, but the man we fought last night was lightning quick.  If he had been out for blood, there’s a good chance both of us would be dead right now.”
Will choked down the last of the burned eggs, followed them with a piece of overdone toast, then cleared his throat with some tea.  “I guess I’ll be skipping classes today, then.”
Blake frowned.  “Why?”
“I’ll be busy watching Nerrow’s house, in case our assassin returns.”
“Can you use magic?  You said you have to rest your powers, didn’t you?”
“If someone is trying to kill Laina or hurt any of the Nerrow family I can’t just let it happen,” declared Will.  “Selene would be disappointed in me otherwise,” he added a few seconds later as an afterthought.
“If anything happens to you, Selene will kill me,” countered Blake.  “Have you considered that?  You’re no match for the man we fought.  Besides, after what happened I’m certain that Lord Nerrow will see that his daughter is well protected.”
Will shook his head.  “He doesn’t know about the attack last night.”  Blake gave him a quizzical look so Will explained, “She snuck out yesterday and came here alone.  Her father wouldn’t have allowed that, so clearly, she wanted to see Selene about a private matter.  She seemed desperate, so Laina was probably aware that she was in danger, yet she came alone anyway.”
The older man rubbed his face.  “So, she likely didn’t tell her father then.  You’re right.  Still, this isn’t your problem.  I suggest you send the baron an anonymous warning and let him deal with it.”
The advice was sound.  Will couldn’t argue that, but his gut was telling him something different.  If Laina had only felt safe bringing her problem to Selene then she had probably had a good reason, a reason that presumably she thought Selene would agree with.  And if I alert our dear father to whatever it is, I could make things even worse for her, he thought.
His determination firmed up, and Blake saw as much from his expression.  Before Will could speak, the older man gave him an intent stare.  “If only you knew someone skilled in both combat and stealth who could watch over her…”
“I appreciate the offer,” said Will, “but I think it best if I—”
His manservant sighed loudly.  “You’re my responsibility.  Have you considered discussing this with your wife?”
Will stared at him blankly.  I know he’s figured out that she isn’t really Selene.
“Maybe she knows someone skilled in the art of disguise,” said Blake, stretching out the words while waving one hand in a circular motion.
“Oh!” Will exclaimed as he finally understood. He nodded in agreement but didn’t say more.  How did my life get so complicated? he wondered.  I’m married, but I only spent one day with Selene before she had to leave.  My fae aunt is impersonating her, my manservant knows, but I have to pretend he doesn’t, otherwise he’ll be forced to admit the truth to the king.  “And to top it all off, I’m trying to help my half-sister who doesn’t know we’re related,” he muttered.
“What was that?” asked Blake.  “I couldn’t hear you.”
“Nothing,” said Will.  “I’m just thinking out loud.”  Rising from the breakfast table, he made for the stairs.  He stopped briefly before leaving the room.  “Don’t ever cook eggs again, not even if I’m on death’s doorstep.  In fact, especially not then.  They’d probably push me over the edge.  Stick to porridge if I’m too sick to cook.”
Blake had the nerve to look genuinely hurt.  “That’s a bit much, even for a joke.”
Does he really think they were edible?  Will couldn’t decide.  “I wasn’t joking.”
A few minutes later he was back in his room, which presumably was where Selene was.  Of course, Tailtiu hadn’t returned yet, and normally wouldn’t until late afternoon.  Her service pretending to be the missing princess was something that Aislinn had worked out with Tailtiu—it wasn’t part of any bargain with Will.  Consequently, anything he wanted Tailtiu to do beyond her evening impersonation would have to be negotiated separately.  He repeated his aunt’s name three times and waited, knowing it would take her nearly twenty minutes to reach the house from the nearest congruence.
Usually she arrived in the form of a bird and slipped in through the window to avoid anyone seeing her comings and goings.  Today was no different.  She arrived after nearly an hour had passed, which meant Will was running short of time if he was to make it to his first class of the day without being tardy.
“What took you so long?” he demanded shortly.
His aunt arched one brow.  “Pardon?”
“It shouldn’t have taken you an hour.”
“I’m under no obligation to appear quickly.  Coming here every day to satisfy Mother’s demands is trouble enough,” she remarked.
Will took a deep breath, silently blaming his dysphoria on Blake’s horrifying attempt at breakfast.  Keep your wits about you, he cautioned himself.  He’d gotten so used to having Tailtiu around every day that he had started to think of her as somewhat human, a dangerous pitfall if he allowed such thoughts to color their negotiations.  “I need your help with a separate matter,” he told her.  “You still owe me twelve days from the agreement on your payment of the second unbound favor.”
“What is it you require then?” she asked.  Tailtiu showed no outward sign of annoyance, but her lack of flirtation was all the evidence Will needed to see she was out of sorts.
“It’s about my sister, Laina.  She’s being followed by an assassin.”  He described the events of the previous night.
Tailtiu frowned at him in obvious disappointment.  “You were defeated?  After all our work, I thought you more proficient than that.”
“I can’t use my magic for the next few days,” he replied.  “Apparently I hurt myself worse than I realized at the dam yesterday.  That’s part of the reason I’m asking you to do this.”
His aunt remained silent for a long minute, her expression pensive.  “I can watch her during the day until you’ve recovered.  In the evening I have another obligation, as you are already aware.  I can’t help you during those hours.”
Tailtiu’s job in the evening was nominally to impersonate Selene if the need arose, but Will knew her other purpose was to serve as a bodyguard for him.  Whether that was because Aislinn had asked for it, or whether Selene had tacked that stipulation on as part of her own negotiations he couldn’t be sure.  “That won’t be a problem,” he informed her.  “I’ll follow her myself in the evenings.  You’ll just have to stay close to me.”
“If you can’t use magic you won’t be able to hide your presence from her,” she pointed out.
“I’ll just keep my distance.  Besides, I’m not bad at following people, even without magic.”
His aunt seemed unconvinced.  “You might avoid your half-sister’s notice, but I doubt you’ll remain unseen by this assassin you mentioned.”
He rubbed his chin, nodding in agreement.  “You might be right, but I’m going to keep an eye on Laina regardless.”  Will gave the fae woman a knowing smile.  “You’ll just have to decide the best way to keep me safe.  Letting me risk a blunder or following Laina in my stead.”
Tailtiu growled softly.  “You’re picking up bad habits.”
“Must be the company I keep,” he returned, meeting her gaze evenly.
After she left to begin her watch over Laina, Will wasted no time hurrying to his first class of the day, Foundations in Artifice.  He barely made it in time, causing Janice to give him a questioning glance as he found his seat beside her.
“You’re nearly late.  What happened at the dam yesterday?  Stephanie has been telling some wild stories about—”
He interrupted her, “Whatever she said, she’s probably lying.”  Before he could say more the lower door of the auditorium opened and Professor Salsbury entered.  The chatter in the room quickly died away.  Todd Salsbury was nominally the head of the Department of Artifice, though the man didn’t look much like many of the other teachers at Wurthaven.  Despite being in his middle years the professor was still lean and his hands showed the thick skin and scars that came from years of hard use.  He was very much a man who had learned by doing, or if his knowledge had come from books, he had then spent most of his time putting it to use.
The professor glanced over the room, then pointed at Will.  “Mister Cartwright, there you are.  Master Courtney asked me to tell you to report to the Healing and Psyche building immediately.  Doctor Morris is waiting on you there.”
All eyes were on Will as he grimaced, then replied, “Should I go after class?”
“Now, Mister Cartwright.  Master Courtney seemed to feel it was urgent.”
Will stood, glancing down at Janice as he did.  Her eyes were full of questions, and chief among them was an emphatic ‘what did you do?’  Unfortunately, he had no better idea than she did.  He shrugged and made his way down the row of seats until he reached the aisle so he could exit.
Since his class was located in the Engineering building, it took him a few minutes to reach the Healing and Psyche building, which was located near the center of the campus along with three other major buildings that surrounded what was known as the ‘quad.’  As soon as he entered, he found Ilona Fretz, one of the Healing Department’s administrative people, waiting on him.  He knew the woman fairly well since she had been the person in charge of buying the potions he had created to pay his bills during the previous semester.
“How do you feel?” she asked immediately.
He gave her a strange look.  “I have a headache.  What’s going on?”
“I heard about what happened at the dam yesterday,” she replied.  “We’ve been dealing with the consequences.  Follow me.  Master Courtney was very insistent that you should be thoroughly examined.  Doctor Morris is naturally quite interested as well.”
“Interested in what?”
Ilona didn’t answer, and he was forced to hurry to keep up with her as she marched down the halls to an examining room.  She opened the door and ushered him inside.  “Take a seat by the table.  The doctor will be here as soon as I inform him you’ve arrived.”  With that she stepped out.
A few minutes later the door opened again and a small, balding man with white hair and a round belly entered.  There was something distinctly jovial about the man, which was reaffirmed by the smile on his face as he regarded Will.  “If it isn’t our aspiring duelist.  I had a feeling I’d be seeing you again.  You don’t live a boring life, do you?”
Confused, Will frowned.  “Pardon me?”
The doctor chuckled.  “Don’t remember me?  I guess that’s to be expected.  You’d lost a lot of blood last time we met—after your duel.  I was the one who sewed you up.”
Will brightened.  “Oh!  My memory is a little fuzzy about that period.  I suppose I owe you my thanks.”
Doctor Morris grinned.  “I’m just grateful you seem to be in a better mood this time.  What was it you said to me when you woke up?”  He rubbed his chin thoughtfully.  “Oh, yes!  You asked which vein was damaged and when I failed to answer immediately you said, ‘This fellow is a fucking idiot.’”
Will winced.  Now he remembered their meeting.  “I’m really sorry about that.  I wasn’t entirely in my right mind at the time.”
The doctor waved one hand dismissively.  “Don’t worry about it.  We hear all sorts of things from people when they wake up after trauma.  We were laughing about it the rest of the week.”  The old man’s eyes were moving up and down, and he leaned closer, staring at the side of Will’s head.  “Did this happen at the dam yesterday?”  Reaching up with one hand, he probed the lump on Will’s scalp, causing him to gasp.
“No, sir,” he answered.  “I got that last night.”
“How?”
“I fell,” Will prevaricated.
“Really?” responded Doctor Morris, disbelief in his voice.  “It would be very unusual to get a knock on your noggin like this from a fall.  It’s rare that people fall sideways.  This looks more like someone rapped you with something small and hard.  You aren’t still getting into fights, are you?”
“Only when I can’t avoid them,” said Will sourly.
“Ilona said you had a headache.  Did you have that before you had your accident?”
“No, sir—well, not exactly.  My headache now is from the injury, but I’m also getting short-term pains if I try to use spells.  I think I injured my will while keeping the dam from rupturing yesterday.”  Doctor Morris stared at him blankly, causing Will to hurry and add, “But I’m sure it will be better in a few days.”
The doctor nodded.  “Yes, I see.  You know a lot about injuries to the will, do you?”
He felt his cheeks coloring.  “Well, it has happened to me once before.”
“Does it seem like something that should be commonplace among wizards?”
Will didn’t answer immediately, as he could see the doctor was leading him with his questions.  Given the current state of wizardry, it probably was unlikely that anyone managed to injure themselves as he had.  “Perhaps not,” he said hesitantly.  But it would be if people were being properly trained to use magic.  “How many have you encountered?”
“Yours is the first,” said Doctor Morris dryly.  “Such injuries are discussed in some of the old literature, but I’ve never had the opportunity to see one firsthand.  If you’ll make yourself comfortable I’d like to perform a few diagnostic spells.”
He lifted one hand to his temple, feeling slightly anxious.  “You don’t expect me to use any spells myself, do you?”
The doctor shook his head.  “No.  As I said, I don’t have any personal experience with this, but the texts I’ve studied advise against you using magic yourself.”
“What will these spells reveal?”
“I won’t know until I try.  According to what I’ve read they won’t show any physical injuries, but I’d like to confirm that for myself.  May I proceed?”
Will nodded and then waited patiently while the doctor went through a variety of spells, most of which seemed to be passive in nature, although one or two of them did actively probe his body with streams of turyn.  After fifteen minutes the physician seemed to have finished.  “I’ll be back shortly,” he told Will before stepping out and closing the door.
Rising from his seat, Will went to the door and listened.  He could almost make out the doctor’s voice as the man conferred with someone else.  Reflexively, he started to adjust the sensitivity of his hearing, but he stopped as a sharp pain stabbed through his skull.  Idiot, he told himself.  You knew wild magic would do the same thing to you as any spell.  Rubbing his temples gingerly, he returned to his seat.
Unable to sate his curiosity he waited impatiently.  A few minutes later the voices drew closer and he recognized Master Courtney’s voice.  “Have you mentioned Duncan to him?”
“Not yet,” said Doctor Morris.
The door opened, and the two men stepped inside.  Will started to rise, but Professor Courtney waved for him to keep his seat.  “No need to get up.”
Will relaxed.  Master Courtney was a classic academic, but as the Head of Research, he held a uniquely influential position with the people who ran Wurthaven.  He had an imposing presence despite his below-average height and unremarkable build.  It was something about the man’s intense hazel eyes.  He could never figure out what the man was thinking, but it was obvious that a lot was going on behind those eyes.
Master Courtney glanced at the doctor.  “Would you like to give him the good news, or shall I?”
Doctor Morris dipped his head deferentially.  “Please, go ahead.”
Master Courtney’s sharp gaze fixed on Will.  “You’re perfectly healthy.  It doesn’t appear that you’ve suffered any long-lasting effects from what you did at the dam yesterday.  Aside from this injury to your will, of course.  Has the good doctor given you any instructions regarding that yet?”
The doctor started to explain that he hadn’t yet, but Will spoke first, “No magic for a few days, then I test my abilities with caution.  If there’s any pain I should wait another two weeks before trying again.”
Doctor Morris stared at him.  “You already knew?”
Master Courtney glanced between the two of them, then turned to Will, his gaze questioning.  “You learned that from your former teacher?”
Will nodded.
Master Courtney said nothing for a few seconds.  “You’re going to have to tell me more about this former master of yours one of these days.  He must have been an interesting man.”
He ignored the statement and looked at the doctor instead.  “I couldn’t help but hear you mention Instructor Broder outside the door.  Is he all right?”
The two older men looked at one another, then Doctor Morris answered, “I’m afraid Duncan won’t be teaching the practicum any longer.  The strain of what happened yesterday has forced him into early retirement.”
Will felt the blood draining from his face.  “How bad is it?”
The doctor grimaced.  “It’s impossible to say for sure, but I doubt he’ll last more than a few years.  The amount of turyn he used—”
Master Courtney interrupted, “Which makes your condition all the more remarkable.  What was the size of the force-wall you created?”
The man’s lack of regard for what had happened to Duncan irritated Will, but he could see that the researcher was caught up by his interest in the topic.  “It was roughly ten feet by twenty feet, sir.”
“And how far away was it from you?”
“About thirty feet above where we stood.”
“And you held it for how long?”
Will shrugged.  “I’m not sure.  I think it was ten minutes or so, but I can’t say for sure.”
“That’s ridiculous!” exclaimed Doctor Morris, unable to contain his disbelief.  “He’d be dead—twice over.”
“Three times over,” said Courtney dryly.  “I’ll have to examine the site, though it will be impossible to make more than a rough estimate given what we know.”
“You believe him?” asked the doctor.
Master Courtney nodded.  “His story matches what Duncan told me almost exactly, and given the fact that the Lanover Dam is still standing I’m inclined to believe the boy.”  After a moment he added, “I have other reasons to believe him as well.”
Being discussed in the third person was annoying, not to mention Doctor Morris’ outright skepticism about his claims, but Will tried to keep his feelings hidden.  “Can I return to class?” he asked the two men, keeping his tone neutral.
Master Courtney smiled.  “Actually, no.  I’d like you to accompany me to the dam so I can inspect it.  You can show me what happened.”
Will groaned inwardly.
Chapter 5
The carriage ride to the Lanover Dam site was relatively quiet for the first half hour.  Will had worried that Master Courtney would question him the entire way, but the graying professor remained silent, staring out the window and watching the world go by with a faint smile.
He stares at the world as though it’s constantly telling him jokes that only he can hear, observed Will.  What a strange man.  He wondered what his grandfather would have thought of the man.  Don’t forget he’s a noble too, he reminded himself.  Outside of academic settings the professor was also a lord of the realm, though more so than even the other teachers at Wurthaven, Alfred Courtney seemed to care very little for his social standing.
“What was your teacher’s name?”
The question emerged from absolute silence, startling him.  “Pardon?”
Alfred’s piercing eyes settled directly on Will.  “I asked what your teacher’s name was.”
His brain leapt into high speed, racing in circles as he struggled to come up with a convincing lie.  “Uh.  I usually called him Grampa, but his given name was, uh, Johnathan.”
“Isn’t that your maternal uncle’s name?  Was he named after his father?”
The question was delivered in an innocent tone, but it was enough for Will to realize he had made a terrible mistake.  Master Courtney had apparently researched his family at some point in the past.  “Yes, sir,” said Will weakly.
“If you don’t wish to tell me your teacher’s name then don’t.  I’m not an officer of the law or an agent of the king.  I can’t compel you to give me answers, but please be truthful.  I’d rather you simply refuse honestly than force me to guess at the truth.”
His mouth went dry, and for a moment Will wasn’t sure how to respond.  Alfred Courtney seemed entirely different than his grandfather, and yet for some reason the man frightened him just as much.  He’s not going to chase me around with a staff, he reminded himself, but somehow his body didn’t believe it.  “Yes, sir,” he said at last.
“And?  Is there something else you’d like to add?”
“His name wasn’t Johnathan.  I promised I wouldn’t give people his real name.”
Master Courtney smiled.  “Much better.  I prefer to build on a foundation of honesty.  Is your grandfather actually dead?  It seems strange you’d be concerned about such a promise if he’s deceased.  The law can’t reach him if he’s already passed on.”
A spark of anger kindled in his chest.  “He’s dead, sir.  He died defending my mother and cousin when the Prophet’s men came to our home.”
The older man stared at him, waiting.
“My promise wasn’t conditional on his being alive or dead,” Will explained.
The old scholar looked out the window again, seemingly satisfied.  “Interesting,” he remarked.  “So, this promise was probably as much for your protection as for his own.  Your grandfather must have been a notorious criminal.”
“He was a good man,” said Will stubbornly.
“Being labeled a criminal says nothing about his character.  While I would generally assume that most criminals possess lower moral standards, that isn’t always the case.”  The old man watched the trees pass by for a minute or two.  “Were you always a natural transducer, or do you think your grandfather’s training somehow enabled you to become one?”
Will was pretty sure it was the training, but he wasn’t ready to share his grandfather’s secrets.  “I’m not sure,” he answered noncommittally.
“You told Professor Dulaney that you spent several years just training with the candle and source-link before you were ever allowed to learn how to construct a spell.  Is that correct?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Was there anything specific you had to do during that period of time?  Or perhaps things that were done to you?”
Will gave the man a flat stare.  “I’d rather not say.”
The older man laughed.  “You don’t trust me, do you?”
“There are some things I don’t trust anyone with, sir.  It isn’t personal.”
“Yet you’ve come to Wurthaven to learn what we have to teach.  Doesn’t it seem a little one sided?  We give you everything we know while you keep your secrets to yourself.”
Will thought about it for a moment before answering.  “A school’s job is to teach.  The students pay to learn what you have to offer.  There’s no implicit agreement that students will provide anything to Wurthaven other than their money.”
Master Courtney nodded vaguely.  “That may be generally true, but Wurthaven is more than a simple school.  My position is Head of Research, so surely you can understand that it’s my job to try and increase our knowledge and understanding.  At the moment you appear to be a fascinating source of information.”
“I can understand your perspective, but I have no obligation to satisfy your curiosity.”
Alfred raised one brow.  “Even though the king sponsored your entry into Wurthaven?”
Will kept his expression flat.  “More so because of it.”
“You mean you owe nothing to the college because of your father-in-law, or…” The older man paused for a few seconds, then his eyes lit up with understanding.  “You’re hiding your secrets from the king himself.”
Will said nothing, keeping his eyes focused on the scenery outside the window.
They arrived at the worksite a short while later.  They were met by Professor Jason Dugas, the head of Wurthaven’s Engineering Department.  The senior engineer had come to the site to oversee repairs in Duncan’s place.  Professor Dugas greeted Master Courtney with a smile and a deferential dip of his head.  “I’m honored that you’ve come to see things personally, Master Courtney.”
Will studied the engineer for a moment.  Like Duncan, the man was in relatively good shape.  He was tall and lean with dark hair and thick stubble covering his cheeks.  Dugas and Courtney stepped away and Will followed behind them, listening as they spoke together.
“I haven’t sent my report in yet, but as I’m sure you guessed, the dam failure yesterday was definitely the result of sabotage.  The buttress on the left side wasn’t actually able to hold any load at all.  Someone dug down beneath it and exposed the metal before changing its properties.  As soon it came under full load, it failed.”
Master Courtney nodded absently, seemingly uninterested in the shocking news as his eyes roamed over the ground around them.  He stopped suddenly, pointing.  “Is that where you were standing, Mister Cartwright?”
Will nodded.  “Yes, sir.”  He was surprised that the man had guessed it so accurately, until he noticed the discoloration around where he had stood.  A five-foot circle held no plants at all; the grass and weeds that had been there were shriveled and black.  Beyond that, the grass was brown and withered in a radius of about ten feet more.  Did I cause that?
“Stephanie Beresford was here with him,” Professor Dugas informed Master Courtney.  “The lady has a fire elemental.”
Apparently, that was supposed to explain the dead plants, though Will knew that the elemental had never manifested.  Glancing at Master Courtney he couldn’t tell whether the old man believed the explanation or not.  The head researcher merely replied, “Of course.”  Then he looked up at the dam wall, his eyes gauging the distance.  “Can you get me some measurements Professor Dugas?”
“I can give you whatever you need, Master Courtney.  We have full schematics for the dam as well as topographical maps and surveys of—”
“Nothing that dramatic, Jason.  I’d just like measurements of the distance from this spot to the dam, as well as the distance up the wall to where the breach began.  If you could get those and draw up a simple diagram I would appreciate it.”
“Certainly.”
“Have it sent over to my office this evening if you don’t mind.”
Professor Dugas nodded.  “Would you like a copy of the report on how the structure was sabotaged as well?”
Master Courtney waved his hand dismissively.  “That’s a matter for the Crown to investigate.  I’m not really interested in it.”  He stared at the ground.  “Do you have some jars?  I didn’t think to bring any.  I’d like to take samples of the soil and plants here.”
***
Will got home at close to his usual time, and while he hadn’t had to do any actual work, he still felt tired.  Master Courtney hadn’t pressed him for any more answers on the way back but the tension of wondering when the next question might come had exhausted him.
Blake greeted him at the door.  “How was your day, sir?”
He shook his head.  “I’ve had better.  Has T—” He caught himself.  “Has Selene come in yet?”
“She’s upstairs,” answered Blake.  “She asked me to reassure you that she wouldn’t be attacking you today, in light of your handicap.”
Will squinted suspiciously at the other man, wondering whether he should trust him.  Tailtiu had been relentless for the past few months.  “You’ve just made me more paranoid,” he complained.
When he got upstairs, he opened the door to the master bedroom cautiously.  Tailtiu laughed when she saw his careful entry.  “Relax.  I truly won’t attack you again.  Not until you tell me your magic is restored.”
“I figured you’d say something along the lines of me being prepared to defend myself with or without magic,” replied Will.
His aunt nodded.  “I considered it, but the nature of the training I’ve been giving you won’t work in that context.  Lethal attacks require you to respond without hesitation.  If I kept it up, you’d almost certainly be forced to use a spell, and then you might permanently damage yourself.  I can wait.”
“Did you see anything interesting today?”
Tailtiu shrugged.  “She went to a party at some other human’s home.  After that she went home, so I was a little bored.  However, the house she lives in is being watched.”
“You spotted the assassin?”
“They spotted me,” said Tailtiu.  “Whoever it is shadowing her is very good.  I was forced to depart the area and change forms several times to avoid raising the watcher’s suspicion.  For a human, the person watching their house is very observant.”
The fact that Tailtiu had been noticed was shocking to him, but Will didn’t dwell on it.  “Were they still there when you left?”
She shook her head.  “Probably had to eat or take care of other business.  They left during the late afternoon.  I tried to follow them.”
“Tried?”
Tailtiu seemed embarrassed.  “The watcher passed around the other side of the house and vanished.  I’m not sure how they got away from the area.  I couldn’t find any trace or trail.”
That was close to unbelievable.  “Nothing?”
She nodded, then tapped her nose.  “There wasn’t even a scent trail.  Even creatures that can mask their turyn can’t do that.”
“Could they have slipped through a congruence?  Or maybe they didn’t leave?”
“There were no congruences nearby, and if they’d stayed, I would have found them.  I waited and kept an eye on the area for another hour before coming back here, just to see if they’d hidden somehow.  If they were still there, they were more patient than I am.”
None of that made Will feel better.  He started for the door.
“Don’t bother,” said Tailtiu.  “You’ll only make matters worse.”
“I can’t just ignore this.”
“If the watcher does come back, you’ll be spotted immediately,” explained Tailtiu.  “Without magic, you don’t have a chance in hell of remaining unobserved, and you’ve already discovered you’re no match for this one in hand-to-hand combat.  I’ll watch the house until you’ve recovered.”
Although he felt relieved, Will couldn’t help but ask, “Doesn’t that conflict with your other promise?”
“It was decided that this was a reasonable exception.”
He stared at the fae woman with sudden interest.  “You saw her?  You spoke to her?  What did she say?  Is she well?”
His aunt laughed.  “I spoke with Mother.  I haven’t seen your lover any more recently than you have.”
Will frowned.  “But isn’t she with Aislinn?  I thought surely—”
Tailtiu cut him off, “I have no idea where she is.  Mother doesn’t share all her secrets with me.”
“But…”
“Rest easy, nephew.  Mother is no fool.  Wherever she’s stashed your girl I’m sure she’s safe.”
Unless the king figured out that his daughter wasn’t where he thought she was.  If he decided to, he could use the heart-stone enchantment to summon her back.  Will worried about that possibility, and it was one reason he’d gone along with the plan to have Tailtiu impersonate Selene.  So long as the king thought she was still within close reach, he seemed content to leave things be.  Will ran a hand through his hair in frustration.  As usual, the only thing he could do was nothing at all.
Chapter 6
The next morning Will noticed that he was once again collecting more stares from his fellow students.  It was something he had gotten used to, both before and after his marriage to Selene, for various reasons.  Lately the attention had died down some, but it appeared he had once again become an active topic of discussion.
He and Janice couldn’t really talk during class, so she held her questions until the lecture was over, but she was careful not to let him get out of sight as they exited.  She caught his sleeve in the hall outside. “Don’t even think about trying to escape,” she warned him.
His expression was droll.  “I knew better than to try.”  Glancing around, he saw nearly everyone in their vicinity was watching them with interest.  Some of them appeared ready to approach and try to start conversations.  “Want to get some air?” he asked Janice.
She flashed a warm smile, which reminded him of why he liked her so much.  Janice was probably his best friend at Wurthaven, and while they had had a few problems because of some romantic interest, she hadn’t let it interfere with their relationship as friends.  “Let’s go,” she replied.
Outside, they were able to keep some distance from their fellow students, but only so long as they remained on the move.  “Stephanie was telling some remarkable stories yesterday,” began Janice, “and for once you sounded like a hero rather than a villain.”
He shrugged modestly.
“I was tempted to disbelieve her tale, since it cast you in a positive light, until they took you out of class yesterday.”
Will frowned.  “That was unkind.”
Janice grinned.  “It’s not that I think poorly of you, you understand.  It’s just hard to believe anyone else would think kindly of you.”
He snorted.  “What did she say?”
“That you saved the work crew at the dam by keeping the entire thing from collapsing.”
“That doesn’t seem humanly possible.”
Janice nodded.  “She said she helped by funneling turyn to you from her elemental.  She also said you saved her from a nasty fall from a platform.”  She waggled her wrist in front of him.  “She even had bruises to demonstrate where you grabbed her.”
Will smirked.  “That sounds good.  I’ll go with it.  Everything she said was true.”  His eyes glanced up toward the sky in an expression of humor.  “Ow!” he exclaimed as Janice drove her elbow into his side.  “Fine, I’ll tell you the truth.”
“You’d better.”
He explained what had actually happened, along with his tense exchange with Stephanie afterward.  When he finished, he saw his friend staring at him with surprise in her eyes.  “What?” he asked.
“You really threatened her like that?”
Will lowered his eyes.  “I’m not proud of it, but I couldn’t think of a better solution.  Besides, you know Selene isn’t actually…”  He let his words taper off without finishing as he glanced around to make sure no one was nearby.  He didn’t have to say it, though; Janice was one of the few people he had entrusted with the truth about Selene’s absence.  “If there was a scandal, she wouldn’t be able to do anything about it,” he added.
She shook her head.  “I wasn’t judging you.  Actually, I’m impressed with how you stood up for yourself.  Not too long ago you would have let someone like her just walk all over you.”
He didn’t see her point.  “I’ve never been one to run from a fight.”
“Not a physical fight,” corrected Janice.  “But you avoided social confrontations, especially with women.  I had resigned myself to the fact that Selene and I were going to have to protect you from women for the rest of your clueless life.”
Will laughed.  “You make it sound as though women are evil.”
“You have no idea,” she said, shaking her head.  “But you’re still trying to oversimplify things.  My sex isn’t evil per se, but we’re highly social—maybe you would describe it as political.  We fight more with words and opinions.”  Her eyes flicked to the side of his head for a moment.  “Speaking of fights, what happened to your head?”
“Would you believe I was following a young woman at night and tried to stop a stranger from assaulting her?”
She squinted at him.  “What really happened?”
He let out a dramatic sigh.  “Even when I try to tell the truth, no one believes me.  And you wonder why I try to tell people I had an accident.”
It was her turn to laugh then.  “Usually you lie first, then you admit the truth.  How am I supposed to know when you’re going to change the formula?  So, who was the damsel in distress this time?”
“Laina Nerrow.”
“The baron’s daughter?  Didn’t you dance with her sister at the Winter Ball?”
“That’s an oddly specific thing for you to remember,” observed Will.
“It was a big night for me,” said Janice.  “It was the first, and probably only, time I was invited to a royal ball.  Are you trying to deflect my curiosity?  You were a little sensitive after you danced with the other sister at the ball, now you’re following the older sister around at night.”
He said nothing.
“You’re going to tell me eventually,” she informed him.  “Why drag it out?”
No, I’m not, he thought silently.  He trusted Janice, but the secret of his parentage wasn’t something he could share.  Selene had agreed to let him bring Janice in on her secret, but the Nerrow family didn’t have that option.  If the secret somehow got out, his sisters might be in danger simply for being related to him.
After a moment she relented.  “At least tell me what happened.”
“Laina and Selene are close friends,” he said, beginning an explanation of the entire evening.  He detailed Laina’s plea and her unhappy exit, which led up to his following her and the inevitable fight with the assassin.
“You don’t do anything by halves, do you?” remarked Janice at the end of it all.
He spotted Rob closing in on them, so Will turned to include his friend as well as let Janice know they were no longer alone.  “I don’t do it on purpose.  Hi Rob!”
Rob’s expression was dramatically sour.  “I’m not sure I can talk to you anymore.”
“I’ve never been able to stop you before,” noted Will with a smirk.  “What’s changed now?”
“First you marry the princess, and now, just when the rest of us think it might be safe, you go and turn yourself into a hero.  Have you heard the things Stephanie has been saying about you?”
“I’m not a big fan of gossip,” said Will dryly.
“Every time she tells the story it gets more incredible.  I wouldn’t be surprised if the next rendition has you showing up on a white charger before single-handedly fixing the dam while practicing the latest dance.”
Janice snorted, then her eyes lit up.  Leaning close to Will’s ear, she whispered, “I know how you can defeat the assassin.  Next time you see him you should dance with him.  He won’t be able to fight after you stomp all over his toes.”
“I’ve gotten a lot better!” Will protested.  Janice’s remark was a reference to the pain he had put her and his dance teacher through back when he had been practicing for the Winter Ball.
Rob looked back and forth between them.  “I must have missed something.”
“I have to head to my next class,” said Janice, bowing out and leaving Will to explain.
“Well?” asked Rob.
“Come on,” said Will, putting one arm over his friend’s shoulder.  “I’ll tell you on the way to Advanced Spell Theory.”
***
The next few days passed with frustrating slowness as Will waited to recover his ability to use turyn safely.  Each evening, Tailtiu would stop in for an hour or so to relay what she had seen, and he couldn’t help but notice she looked haggard.  Seeming tired would be normal for a human, but for the fae it was highly unusual.
“Are you all right?” he asked her on the fourth evening.
She nodded brusquely.   “I’m just spending too much time in your world.  I’ll recover once I have some free time to return to Faerie.”
“I’m going to test the waters tomorrow,” he informed her.  “If I’m able to use magic, then you can go back, and I’ll watch her home that evening.”
Tailtiu sighed.  “I’m not sure there’s a need.  This assassin seems content to watch.  Every day the girl leaves, attending parties and social meetings at various people’s homes.  Whatever the man following her is planning, it doesn’t seem urgent.  He’s let multiple opportunities pass without attempting anything.”
“Unless he’s being cautious because you’ve got him spooked,” countered Will.  “You said he’s noticed you several times.”
“He has, but I think there’s something else going on.  The stranger follows her during her trips, but never gets too close.  In the evenings he waits outside for a while before vanishing.”
“What are you getting at?” asked Will.
“He only leaves when Laina is at home and it seems certain she won’t be leaving again that day.  This morning I got there before dawn, even before the assassin arrived, and I sensed something strange.”
“And?”
His aunt shrugged.  “I’m not sure what it was.  It was a strange trace of turyn.  It felt cold, but it vanished as soon as the sun came up.”
“You couldn’t tell what it was?”
She shook her head.  “It reminded me of demonic turyn, but it was different.  I haven’t come across anything quite like it before.  I don’t think you should try to watch the house.  Let me have a day to recover and we can go together.”
Will shook his head.  “You can recover, but I’m not leaving Laina unguarded, not when it’s obvious that someone has it in for her.”
Tailtiu’s expression was one of puzzlement.  “Why bother?  She wouldn’t do the same for you.  The girl hates you.”
“She’s family.”
She snorted.  “So am I, but given the right opportunity I’d take your seed and then your life.  She doesn’t even know you’re related.  You humans make no sense.”
His gaze was flat and unwavering.  “I’d do the same for you.”
Tailtiu laughed.  “And that is exactly what will get you killed some day.  In any case, I would never be foolish enough to need your help.”
Will shrugged.  “You’re probably right—on both counts—but that’s who I am.  Anyway, we will see how things go tomorrow.”
“I’d really prefer you don’t go.  Let me rest and we’ll go together.”
There was a certain emphasis in her tone.  Surely she isn’t really worried about me, is she?  He dismissed the idea.  He knew better.  A knock on the door interrupted his thoughts, followed by Blake’s voice.  “It’s getting late, sir.  Would you like me to start dinner or do you still intend on cooking?”
Will stepped to the door and pulled it open.  “Was that a threat?”
Blake took a step back, a look of innocence on his face.  “Of course not, sir!  I merely offered to cook if you were too…”
“Any time you offer to cook, it’s a threat.”
His manservant raised one brow.  “Perhaps if you’re that dissatisfied with my efforts you might deign to teach me how to cook then.”
Will chuckled.  “I like cooking.  I’d rather just do it myself, unless you want to pay me for lessons.”
“An exchange then?”
“What would you exchange?”
“I could teach you how to use a blade.  You seemed interested a few days ago.”
Will was definitely interested, but he put on an air of reluctance.  “I’m already taking rapier classes.”
“And I’m sure those are valuable in their own way,” said Blake with a hint of condescension in his tone.
“I was in the army too.”
“So, you’ve got discipline.  You know how to hold a shield and keep your place in a line.  I’m offering to teach you something different.”
“Such as?”
“The kind of blade work you need to survive in a dark alley.  The sort you needed a few days ago but didn’t have.”
It was an interesting offer.  “You said you weren’t good enough to take the assassin, though.”
“I’m getting old,” admitted Blake.  “Doesn’t mean I don’t have a lot to teach you.”  The look on the older man’s face implied that he felt he had a lot to show Will.
“Fine,” said Will, relenting.  “After dinner we’ll spar.  No magic.  If you can convince me, then tomorrow I’ll teach you how to properly cook a roast.”
Blake held out one hand.  “Agreed.”  They shook on the deal.
Chapter 7
Will’s classes were predicated upon his successes and failures from the previous semester.  Professor Karlovic had exempted him entirely from the core curriculum Alchemy classes, though Will still rented a lab room for personal use.  Professor Dulaney had moved him to Advanced Spell Theory, moving him entirely past the second-year classes on that subject.  Math had been a success, but he hadn’t been moved ahead, and Composition had been a failure.  He was retaking the same class with Professor Conrad this semester.
Currently he was sitting in his last class for the day, Advanced Spell Theory.  Most of his fellow students in the class were working on fifth- and sixth-order spells, while Will was working hard to manage eighth-order.  In terms of difficulty, he was already well ahead of where he needed to be for the next semester’s class, but being able to master eighth-order was a personal goal for him.  He wanted to be able to cast Selene’s Solution, the cleaning spell created by his wife.
Wife?  It still seemed unbelievable to him when the word ran through his mind.  Am I really married?  He supposed that most newlyweds had trouble adjusting to the new labels, but he felt it was even more difficult in his situation.  Most newlyweds get to live together.
“Do you have someplace better to be, Mister Cartwright?”
Will’s eyes snapped back into focus.  Professor Dulaney had gone quiet and was now staring intently at him.  Most of the class was looking back at him, but rather than show his embarrassment, Will grinned.  “Yes, Professor, but I can wait until you’re done before I go.”
“Since you’re bored, perhaps you can explain to your classmates the primary use of transducers in artifice.”
Will groaned under his breath and began getting to his feet.  Dulaney preferred the students stand when answering.  “Sir, we covered that last semester…”
“Some of us need a refresher, if you would be so kind,” said Dulaney, his voice dripping with sarcasm.
“Transducers are used to modify turyn, to convert it from one type or mixture of types to another.  They’re required for any enchantment or magical item, since they must operate without a human to provide the proper turyn needed for them to function.”
The professor nodded.  “The transducer is modeled on a fundamental spell construct that performs the same function.  What would happen if we used them in everyday spells and why don’t we?”
Because it would be a damned waste of time—for me, thought Will sourly.  He couldn’t say that, of course, so instead he answered, “A transducing spell construct would improve the turyn efficiency of any spell to nearly one hundred percent, but it would drastically increase the complexity to a degree that any spell that included a full transducer would be unworkable.”
“And yet most transducers are relatively simple.  Explain why they create such a problem in spell casting.”
Will sighed.  “Because every person has a unique mixture of turyn, so every spell would have to be personalized for the transducer to be of any benefit.”
One of the other students, Phillip Wakefield, raised his hand.  Professor Dulaney pointed at the young man.  “You have a question?”
“Yes, Professor.  This occurred to me during the reading.  Even though everyone has a different turyn signature, once the proper transducer was calculated for that person, they could memorize it and apply it to—”
“I see where you’re going Mister Wakefield,” interrupted Dulaney.  “It won’t help.  Not only is each person unique, but every spell requires a different mix of turyn.  Your hypothetical wizard would still have to create a unique transducer construct to interface with every spell.”  He nodded at Will.  “Thank you, Mister Cartwright.  You can sit back down now.
“This brings me to the next topic.  As you know, and as some of you have begun to see in your Artifice classes, the things we create fall into several broad categories.  Many engineering tools are simple and general-use.  The transducers built into those enchantments tend to be simple, standardized, and users are chosen according to their affinity for the implement.  Efficiency is rarely greater than seventy percent.  On the opposite end of the spectrum we have personalized items created for wealthy individuals.  Such items are built with transducers tailored to the owner, so their efficiency is as close to perfect as can be achieved, usually in the ninety-seven to ninety-eight-percent range.
“Most such items are made for the nobility, due to the cost, though some wizards craft such items for themselves.  The benefit of such efficiency is even more important to wizards, naturally.”
Will raised his hand, then stood and cleared his throat when Dulaney recognized him.  “Professor Salsbury told us that the oldest examples of powerful enchanted items didn’t include a transducer component at all, but he didn’t say why.  Could you shed some light on the reasons for that difference between the work of artificers back then and that of modern craftsmen?”
A flicker of disgruntlement flashed across the professor’s features, but it vanished as quickly as it appeared.  “I should have known you’d bring up the topic of relics, Mister Cartwright.”  Then his gaze swept the room as he addressed the question for the class.  “What William has brought up is a subject of some debate, because we don’t really know how most of the enchanted items of the past were meant to function.  We call them relics simply to denote the fact that they are of considerable age, but there’s nothing fundamentally different about them aside from age and the lack of a transducer.
“One theory is that relics were paired with a second item that included a transducer and that these transducers simply haven’t been found or they didn’t survive the passage of time.  Another theory is that the items were used by individuals who happened to have exactly the right sort of turyn to make them function, although the odds of that are extremely unlikely.
“What we do know, is that because of the lack of a transducer most relics are able to house more complex enchantments.  The Rod of Breven, for example, has three separate functions, each requiring a different mixture of turyn.  To my mind, that makes the idea of a secondary transducer even more likely.  The original owner of the rod probably had three different customized transducers that could be switched out depending on how he intended to use the item—”
“Or Lord Breven was able to modulate his own turyn,” interjected Will.
Dulaney sighed.  “I would have dismissed that idea out of hand, but you are living proof that such a thing is possible, though I still believe that your hypothesis is highly improbable.”
Will was almost certain he was right, but he didn’t have to guess.  He resolved to ask Arrogan later and find out the truth.  He rolled his shoulder, stretching it to relieve the tightness in it.  It was a leftover side effect from his sparring the previous evening with Blake.  As he expected, the former special agent for the king had had a lot to teach.  The veteran was well acquainted with standard military practices and tactics as well as more formalized fighting styles like the rapier, but Blake’s focus had been on more practical techniques.
The older man’s teaching had focused on two goals, killing and survival.  Blake had been emphatic that Will needed to be very aware of which of the two things he was trying to achieve in any given encounter.  “For a civilian, survival is almost always the only goal,” the manservant had explained.  “But given the life you lead, there may also be times when you are actively trying to end your opponent.  In those cases, you need to make sure that your own survival remains the top priority.  The only time it might not be is if you’re on a suicide mission.”
The sparring, if it could properly be called that, had been unorthodox to say the least.  Apparently, the older man intended to cover everything from ground fighting to dirty tricks and escape tactics.  As the class let out and Will rose from his seat, he could feel several additional sore muscles complaining.  It reminded him of something Arrogan had once said when he had been complaining.  “If it hurts that just means you’re learning something.”
Since Advanced Spell Theory was his last class for the day, Will let his feet head in the direction of home, but a voice caught his attention before he could get away.  “Will!  Hey, over here!”  It was Rob.  His friend appeared to have been waiting for him to get out of class.
He walked over, noting the enthusiastic expression on his friend’s face.  “What’s on your mind?” Will asked cautiously.
Rob grinned.  “Funny you should ask—”
“You called me over.  Of course, I’d ask,” he quipped.
Rob rolled his eyes.  “Ha, ha.  You remember Veronica Wellings?”
Veronica was a third-year student who had helped Will the previous semester when he had needed to learn a bit of quick and dirty enchanting for his plan to disrupt Selene’s wedding to Count Spry.  Will hadn’t actually spoken to Veronica himself, but apparently the question had given Rob an opening to get to know her.
“Yes…?”
“The ladies of Primrose House are planning an evening social on Friday and given your newfound fame I’m sure you’ll get an invitation since Stephanie is organizing the affair.  Veronica would love to go, and I’d love to take her, but—hey!”  Rob chased after him as Will turned and walked away.  “Don’t be like that!”
“I’m not interested,” said Will flatly.  It wasn’t that he was inherently antisocial—well, perhaps a little—the main problem was his absent wife.  Everyone would be expecting the royal princess, and any explanation of her absence would likely create more problems than it solved, especially given how little she had been in the public eye since their unexpected wedding.  Tailtiu’s impersonations had been able to keep the curiosity to a minimum, but Will loathed taking her out in public.  Each time he worried they would encounter someone who knew Selene personally, someone who would begin to unravel the truth.  Someone like Laina, thought Will.
“At least ask Selene,” insisted Rob.  “She’s bound to be bored.  She’s barely left the house since you two tied the knot.  People are starting to think you keep her under lock and key and other silly—”
He rounded on his friend, his face serious.  “Don’t even suggest such a thing!  Rumors are bad enough, but I don’t expect you to be repeating them.”
Rob blanched for a moment, then his cheeks flushed as his temper rose.  “I have ears, Will.  I’m not spreading rumors.  I’m trying to help you keep them from getting worse.  I’d have thought you would understand me better by now, but then again, it isn’t as if I ever see you.  You still haven’t invited me over to see your new home.”
Will felt bad for snapping.  He tried to apologize.  “I didn’t mean it like that, and it isn’t you.  I haven’t invited anyone over—”
“And that isn’t normal,” interrupted Rob.  “For some people perhaps, maybe even for you, but not for political figures.”
“It’s complicated,” began Will.
“But you won’t explain.  You won’t talk to me; you won’t talk to Janice.  Who do you talk to?  Do you have any real friends?  I’m starting to wonder, since I don’t really feel like I’m one.”  Rob turned his back and began walking away.
Damn, I really pissed him off.  He watched Rob go, wondering if he should chase after him or leave him alone.  I should probably go after him, but what would I say?  Rob’s complaints were completely valid.  Ever since the wedding he had kept his friends, along with everyone else, at arm’s length.  Even worse, he still hadn’t been home to see his family.  He had sent a letter, which hopefully had outpaced the news, but he hadn’t faced his mother in person yet.
There would be a reckoning for that.  Although it was several weeks’ travel via traditional means, his mother already knew he could make the journey safely in less than a day.  He could get there in a matter of just hours if he was willing to take some of the more dangerous shortcuts through Faerie.
But he couldn’t do it.  It’s bad enough that we eloped without warning her, but I can’t show up alone, he told himself silently.  He kept walking, his feet following the path home by force of long habit while his head was filled with morose thoughts.
Blake met him at the door, taking his coat.  The man waited afterward, expecting Will to remove his overtunic so he could get out of the brigandine as he usually did.  “I’m keeping it on,” said Will.  “I’ll be going to watch the Nerrow house after, um, after Selene gets back.”  Once again, he stumbled over his words.  Keeping up a long-term lie was beginning to tax his reserves.
“Then you’ve recovered your magic?” asked Blake.
Will still hadn’t tested it yet, but he cast a simple spell and conjured a small sphere of visible light, then smiled.  His head hadn’t given him even a faint twinge.  “It appears so.”  Feeling good about the return of his magic, he headed for the kitchen.  He wasn’t sure how long he would be out that night, so if he wanted something good to eat, he needed to prepare supper before Tailtiu returned.
Blake accompanied him and graciously accepted Will’s instruction as he coached the older man through the simple process of putting together pottage of peas and ham.  It was dark by the time they finished, and Tailtiu still hadn’t returned.
“Should we eat without her?” asked Will.
“That’s entirely up to you, sir.”
He was hungry, so they ate.  Unspoken was the fact that if Blake actually believed that the woman returning was Selene, he would almost certainly have had something to say on the matter.  I know he knows, but I can’t say it because then he’d have to tell the king.  My life is so weird, thought Will.
Stomachs full, the two men leaned back in their chairs.  After a few minutes, Will sighed and got to his feet.  He’d waited long enough.  Something had happened, otherwise Tailtiu would have returned by then.  Blake rose to stand as well, his intention clear.
“You can’t come with me, Blake.”
“If you meet that assassin you might not be able to handle him on your own.”
“I’ve got my magic back,” countered Will.  “I also have a much better idea how dangerous he is.  If I’m going to remain unseen, I can’t have you with me.  You should stay here in case Selene returns while I’m gone.”
Blake ground his teeth.  “Fine.”
“Help me put my brigandine back on?” asked Will.  It wasn’t so much a question as a polite order.
“Are you going to be silencing yourself with magic?”
He nodded.
“Then you’d be better with the mail and breastplate.”
“I might as well wear my greaves and helm too,” said Will sarcastically.  “Who wears full armor to sneak around?”
“That chameleon spell hides you better than you could manage on your own.  With the silence you don’t really have to worry about the armor.”
The man had a point.  “What about flexibility?  I may have to crawl around.”
“Crawling might be a chore, but you can handle it, and climbing isn’t a problem for you if it comes to that.  Magic, right?”
Will finally agreed. “I bow before your superior wisdom, but no breastplate.”
“A compromise then,” said Blake with a grim smile.
Half an hour later Will left the house clad in mail, helm, and greaves, but he carried no weapons.  He had gotten so used to using the limnthal that he kept such things stored within it now.  With barely more than a thought he could summon his crossbow, shield, spear, and any of a variety of knives and swords.  If he was spotted somehow, his opponent would likely underestimate how well he was armed.
With a chameleon spell masking his appearance and a silence spell on his attire, he would be nearly impossible to see or hear.  He just needed to be sure he moved slowly when he might be observed.  He also debated what spell he should have prepared as a backup.
If he chose the wind-wall, he would still require several seconds to invest it with enough power for it to be deadly, but he could use a weaker version defensively to clear the ground around him if he got into trouble.  The force-lance he could almost reflex cast.  He had been practicing the simple spell almost daily, but it wasn’t quite there yet.  If he needed one to attack with, it would take him a second to prepare on the fly, whereas if he kept it ready ahead of time it didn’t need the turyn that a wind-wall would.  He could unleash it with just a thought.
But the force-lance is sure to kill anyone it hits, he reminded himself.  He chose the wind-wall.  He could use it defensively in an instant, or offensively if he took a few seconds to charge it up.
He wondered what had happened to Tailtiu as he slowly made his way from the campus to the city streets and on toward the Nerrow house.  It was unusual for her not to return promptly, but the fae woman was too formidable for anything bad to have happened to her.
“Tailtiu, Tailtiu, Tailtiu,” he whispered to himself.  “Thrice called, I summon thee.”  Ordinarily saying her name three times would establish a channel between them.  Not enough for true communication, it would allow her to let him know if she would answer the call or not at a minimum.
He felt nothing.  There was no response at all.
Chapter 8
He stood still on one side of the street for several long minutes, trying to figure out what Tailtiu’s lack of response meant.  No, it was more than being ignored, he told himself.  It was as if her name didn’t connect at all.  Could she be dead?  Will shook his head.  His aunt was immortal, and while it was possible to kill her, he couldn’t imagine a situation that would lead to her dying.
“She was just watching the Nerrow home,” he muttered to himself.  “Surely the assassin couldn’t have killed her.”  Anyone that wanted to kill one of the fae would have to be both skilled and knowledgeable.  Will wasn’t even entirely certain what it would take.  His grandfather had once mentioned the subject while discussing his enemy Elthas.  At the time he had mentioned that trapping a fae in the mortal world and keeping it prisoner long enough would cause them to wither away.
But it’s only been a matter of hours, he reminded himself.  He began walking again, forcing himself to maintain his painfully slow pace.  He wanted nothing more than to run, but ruining his chance at arriving unseen would be foolhardy, especially if whatever had ambushed Tailtiu was still waiting there.
“Stop it, Will,” he admonished himself.  “You don’t know she was ambushed.  She’s probably fine.”  Taking a deep breath, he calmed himself and paid close attention to his surroundings.  When he got within two blocks of his father’s city house, he slowed further, until he was taking steps in slow motion.
He’d considered climbing a building, but Tailtiu had told him that the assassin liked to hide atop the nearby buildings.  Even with magic, the awkwardness of climbing might be enough to betray him to someone watching carefully.  By staying on the ground and hugging the sides of the buildings, he would have nearly a fifty percent chance of being out of the assassin’s line of sight, depending on which vantage point the man had chosen.  On the chance that he was approaching from one of the man’s clear fields of view, he would just have to move as slowly as possible.
It helped that it was dark out, although this part of the city was lit by gas lanterns, creating a patchwork of dimly lit areas between islands of light.  Will adjusted his vision without even thinking about it now, filtering out the glaring heart-light that came from the lanterns and increasing his sensitivity to other wavelengths.  It gave everything a weird mixture of colors, but he could see clearly.
There were a few people out walking, but none of them seemed suspicious.  He saw no sign of a hidden assassin.  Continuing his slow pace, he moved forward, and soon he came to the corner where Mark Nerrow’s house sat.  He paused there to carefully study his surroundings.  Will paid special attention to the ambient flows of turyn in the air, since in the past he had been able to spot well-hidden enemies simply by noting the places where it was obviously disturbed by a living body.
He still saw nothing of note.  A young lad ambled down the lane, passing so close that Will almost had to take a step to avoid a collision.  After five minutes he moved on, deciding to circle the block and see what the street on the other side of the house looked like.
Will continued his careful pace and slow study, until he passed a side alley that caught his attention.  There was a trace of something he couldn’t quite see.  Adjusting his turyn sensitivity, he spotted the telltale signature of Tailtiu’s fae magic.  They glowed in small scratch marks on the brick wall to his left.  She must have been shapeshifted, he observed.  The marks went halfway up and then across for a few feet before vanishing.  On the ground below was a heavy spot of her turyn on the cobblestones, as though she had jumped down.  Or fell.
A fine powder coated the ground around the place she had landed.  Taking a chance, Will touched it with one finger and lifted it to his nose.  Temporarily shifting his vision back to normal, he noted the color.  It was brown, and it had a distinct scent of iron.  Rust, and a lot of it.  Had someone used it as a weapon?  He could only imagine what a cloud of rust might do to one of the fae.  He was sure it wouldn’t be pleasant.
Shifting his vision again, he caught sight of a dark stain.  Examining it closer, he decided it was probably blood.  Damn it!  He could only guess what had happened to her, but it was obviously bad.  Farther along he caught sight of something gray, a type of turyn he hadn’t seen before.  Moving closer, he studied it, but he couldn’t make up his mind what it reminded him of.  As his aunt had said before, it was similar to demonic turyn in some way, but it felt cold in a way he couldn’t define.
There was a faint handprint on the wall that glowed with the same trace energy.  Unlike most of the marks, this one was well defined.  It looked human, but for the sharp claw marks that scored the brick at the end of where each finger had been.  What the hell did that? he wondered.
The hair on the back of his neck stood on end, and he could feel someone watching him.  Will froze and slowly looked around but saw no one.  He decided it was time to move back to the main street.  The sensation of being observed went with him, but there wasn’t much he could do about it until he spotted whoever it was.  Unless I’m imagining it, he thought.
Unable to do anything about the unnerving sensation, Will kept moving steadily back around the block.  He wanted to at least be in a position where he could observe the main door of the house.  It took him a quarter of an hour to get there at his glacial pace.  Once he could see the front door, he decided to get close.  He reasoned that if he couldn’t spot the assassin then he might as well be close to the door in case Laina exited.  At least then he might be in a position to do something if the assassin made an attempt.
The small front lawn of the Nerrow home was enclosed by an iron fence.  The front door opened onto a walk that led to a gate for the residents to use, presumably when a carriage was waiting on them.  Will decided to wait there.  Leaning against one of the stone pillars that framed the gate, he would be effectively invisible.  Unless whoever it is still has their eyes on me, he reminded himself.
Once he was in place, he surveyed the street and the buildings across the road once more, but as before, he didn’t spot anyone.  Since he had nothing else to do, he began experimenting with his vision.  Earlier he had eliminated heart-light from his vision because the street lamps gave off so much of it that the glare was annoying.  Over time he had come to learn that heart-light, despite the name, had nothing to do with hearts, or life, but rather was a special type of light produced by heat.
The turyn in his vicinity was undisturbed, except for the disruption his own presence caused, so he was almost certain the assassin couldn’t be close, but as he shifted his vision to see heart-light, a soft white glow appeared nearby, in front of the other gate pillar.  Will’s heart jumped into his throat, but he didn’t move.
Staring at the position, he slowly altered his vision until a figure became clear.  A short slender man, hidden within a cloak, stood less than ten feet away, gazing back at him.  Will felt a jolt as their eyes made contact.
Neither of them moved, but the stranger slowly smiled at him, watching his face to see the effect on him.  He’s not sure if I see him or not, thought Will.  If I react, he’ll know.  Naturally, it was at that moment that the door of the Nerrow home opened.
“I’ll be back soon,” came Laina’s voice, calling to someone still inside.
She would be at the gate within ten or fifteen seconds.  Will moved without thinking, summoning his falchion.  The sharp blade would be good against an unarmored opponent, and if the assassin did have protection, Will doubted it would stand up to a thrust from the heavy bladed sword.  Plus, the man didn’t appear to have a sword.
The other man’s cloak flew wide, and something punched Will in the chest hard enough that he stumbled and nearly fell.  A sharp pain followed, and Will recognized the sensation, since he’d felt it several times in the past.  He’d been shot with a crossbow.  His mail and gambeson had mostly stopped it, but the point had still managed to penetrate his skin by slipping partway through one of the rings.
He didn’t hesitate.  Recovering his balance, Will advanced, dodging deftly to one side as the man threw the crossbow at his head and drew two long knives.
Ordinarily, fighting sword versus knife, or in this case two knives, would have given him the advantage, mainly because of reach, but Will rapidly discovered that he was out of his depth.  In the span of five or six seconds he was forced to use his point-defense shield to stop four cuts that he simply couldn’t get his sword in position to block.  The assassin didn’t waste time attacking his body, where his armor protected him.
Wearing armor, using a sword, Will should have had an overwhelming advantage.  But he didn’t.  Shit, he’s fast!  Backpedaling, Will struggled to regain the initiative.  When his enemy paused for a second, he leapt to the attack, concentrating his turyn in his muscles and increasing his own speed.  He thought he might catch the man off-guard, but that turned out not to be the case as the other fellow grinned and matched him.
He was expecting that, Will realized.  He barely saw the blade that came at his face, and it was with yet another point-defense shield that he managed to keep his eye.  I should have started with magic.  Attacking with a sword was foolish.  It was difficult to get enough space to concentrate, though; his enemy seemed able to read his mind.
A sharp cry cut the night air as Laina caught sight of them.  Will turned, thinking to warn her, and the assassin moved in her direction as well.  That was too much for him.  He had to do something.  He released the wind-wall spell he’d prepared earlier, and the sudden violent gusts threw dust and detritus into the air as it knocked the assassin from his feet.  It didn’t have enough turyn in it to be deadly, but it was enough for what he needed.  As the stranger fell, Will summoned his own crossbow, already locked and loaded.  Without pause, he aimed and fired.
Will felt a certain sense of relief when he saw the quarrel bury itself in the assassin’s hip.  The man didn’t cry out, but he saw the pain in the man’s eyes.  Before the assassin could recover or use some other trick, he needed to finish him.  It would only take a second or two to construct a force-lance spell.
“Assassin!” screamed Laina’s voice from his left as she pulled open the gate in a panic.
“I have him, get back,” Will yelled to her, hoping she would change course and run for the house.
A wave of flames washed over him before he could finish his spell.  Unprepared as he was, his body still absorbed most of the turyn that fueled the blast, but enough heat got through that it scorched his eyebrows.
Will stared at his half-sister in shock, then pointed at the downed assassin.  “Not me, him!”
For her part, Laina finally recognized him.  “You!”
“Me?”  He could already tell that something didn’t add up.  Laina was moving to shield the assassin with her body and five incandescent balls of white-hot fire sprang to life in the air in front of the young woman.
She was protecting the assassin.
He’s her bodyguard, Will realized, suddenly feeling stupid.  The fear and outrage on Laina’s face made him feel even worse.
“Surrender and release the spell or I’ll burn you to ash,” she declared fiercely.  “Darla, are you all right?” she asked the bodyguard.
Her words made him realize he was still holding the force-lance spell in his hands.  I look like a right villain, don’t I?  Then his brain processed the rest of her words.  Darla?  Staring at the wounded assassin, his mind put the pieces together.  The assassin wasn’t a slim-built man, but rather a woman—and he’d just shot her.
What is it with me and the female half of the human race this week?
“Last warning!” said Laina through clenched teeth.
He was about to do as she said, when a flicker of movement caught his eye.  Laina was facing him, her back toward the corner. If the motion hadn’t been across the street directly behind her, he probably wouldn’t have seen it in time.  A man leapt from the roof of the house across the street.
The house was two stories tall, and the man dropped close to thirty feet before landing on the hard stones of the street.  The house was similar to the Nerrow home in its construction, which meant the house was set almost fifty feet back from the road.  Will’s jaw might have dropped if he hadn’t seen Tailtiu land after falling similar distances without visible harm.  As it was, he had never seen his aunt jump such a distance horizontally at the same time.
All of this registered in the span of a second.  The newcomer hit the ground and sprang forward, racing toward them with a strange, unnatural grace.  Although the stranger had two arms and two legs, the man’s movements would leave no doubt in any viewer’s mind.  He wasn’t human.
Will’s expression shifted, showing surprise and determination as he lifted his hands to aim.  In return, Laina’s face hardened.  Will tried to warn her, “Behind you!”
“You asked for it,” she spat, then she released her spell.
He expanded his outer shell, hoping he could absorb whatever spell she was using, but he kept his eyes on the man running at Laina’s back.  As fast as the creature moved, Will didn’t want to risk missing, so he cast the force-lance at the last possible second.  He was gratified to see it connect, blowing a fist-sized hole in the chest of the thing behind his sister.
Then the blazing orbs struck, all five of them hammering into him in quick succession.  They flew in a spiraling pattern, and while the first hit him from the front, the following orbs came at him from a variety of different angles, landing a second or so apart.  The first was no problem.  The second and third taxed him, and the air around him began to glow as he struggled to contain the fiery turyn.  The pain began when he absorbed the fourth.  He was also still holding onto the energy from her earlier attack.
Rather than vent the power back at her, Will thrust his hands skyward, releasing a gout of flame as though he meant to burn the heavens.  The fifth orb hit while he was still trying to make space and his world became an inferno.
Incredibly he wasn’t incinerated, but his hair and clothing caught fire, and there was no doubt he would be blistered in places.  He continued trying to vent the excess energy skyward, though he couldn’t see much around himself, for he was wreathed in flame.
Then Laina stepped through the flames, a cobblestone in her hand.  Will was so surprised that she nearly brained him with it before he could stop the blow with a point-defense shield.  The flames around them died down as he continued emptying the power he held into the air, and the expression on Laina’s face told him she had finally figured out that he wasn’t trying to kill her or her bodyguard.  She seemed puzzled, though still angry.  “What the hell are you doing?” she demanded.
She took her eyes off him for a second to check on Darla, and they both saw the creature rise from where it lay on the street, the hole still visible in its chest.  Laina’s eyes widened with shock as she realized what had happened, just before the thing charged at her once more.
Will brought his hands down and released the rest of the fiery power at the man who should have already been dead.  He hoped the angle was good enough to avoid hitting Laina’s bodyguard, but there wasn’t time to be sure and he was out of options.
The old, familiar smell of burning flesh found his nose seconds later, as the man-thing became a human-shaped torch.  It flailed wildly and seemed to still be trying to find Laina, though its eyes were gone.  Will had other things to worry about as he beat out the smoldering flames at the hem of his gambeson.
His sister, for her part, seemed stunned into immobility.  The sight of what was, at least in her mind, a living human burning to death in front her had sent her into a state of shock.  And yet she was perfectly willing to try and burn me to death just a few seconds ago, thought Will wryly.  He caught Laina’s arm and guided her back a few feet to avoid the burning creature’s grasping hands.  The burning figure collapsed to the ground a few seconds later, still kicking feebly.
“You just burned that man alive,” mumbled Laina, still trying to process what had happened.
Will nodded, taking the moment’s respite to pull out the crossbow bolt that was still lodged in his mail.  “As you tried to do to me just a few seconds earlier.”  Reaching, up he felt his face and was relieved to find his skin still seemed intact, but his eyebrows were definitely gone.
Something finally clicked in Laina’s mind and she snapped into motion, heading for her fallen friend.  “Darla!”  Will followed her over so he could examine the woman he had shot.  A large pool of blood had formed around the bodyguard.
“If she dies, you’ll follow soon after,” threatened Laina coldly as she knelt by the other woman.  “Darla, can you hear me?  Say something.”
Will knelt on the other side of the warrior and began cutting away her trousers.  From the placement of the arrow it might have struck a large vein.  He didn’t think it was an artery, or Darla would probably already be dead.  He could see that her eyes followed his movements, though her mouth opened and closed without making a sound.
“What are you doing?” demanded his half-sister.  “This is your fault.”
“And I might be able to save her if you let me,” he responded without looking up.  His sister fell silent as he continued to examine her friend.  It’s a deep vein, and above the leg where I can’t use a tourniquet to stop the bleeding, he noted mentally.  He couldn’t effectively apply pressure there either, which meant the woman would be dead in a short span of minutes.  Will glanced up and caught Laina’s gaze on his face.  Behind the anger he could see she was frightened.  As she looked back down at her friend, tears began to well.
And she’ll be dead because of me.  Because I thought she was an assassin rather than a guard—because I decided, in my infinite wisdom, to interfere where I wasn’t wanted.  He summoned one of his remaining two regeneration potions from the limnthal and quickly unstopped the vial.  He poured a few drops on the wound, then held the tiny bottle to her lips and tilted it up.  Some spilled, and the woman choked, but enough got down her throat.  It was potent stuff, as he knew from prior experience.
“What was that?” asked Laina, her voice thick with desperation.
“A regeneration potion,” he said simply.
“Will it work?  She’s lost so much blood.”  Her voice cracked near the end.
“It brought me back from the edge of death,” he told her calmly.  “It just needs a minute to do the job.  It will exhaust her, but after she rests, she’ll feel better than she did before it happened.”  Even as he spoke, the color began to return to Darla’s cheeks.
Without warning, Laina shifted subjects.  “You murdered that man without a moment’s hesitation.”
“I don’t know what he was, but he wasn’t human,” Will informed her.  “And he was heading for you.  You didn’t hesitate to try and do the same to me.”
His sister’s eyes never flinched.  “You nearly killed Darla, and I warned you first.  I didn’t want to do it.”
Will’s emotions were conflicted as he stared back at her.  On one hand he admired the girl for her conviction, as well as her bravery in defending her friend, while on the other he was irritated by her obvious dislike for him.  Added to the mix was the fact that he was guilty and embarrassed for nearly killing an innocent person.  But I also saved Laina’s life, he reminded himself.
Just what was a person supposed to feel at such a complicated moment?  He had no idea.  As he struggled to find words, Laina spoke again.  “You could have warned me.  I thought you were attacking me.”
There hadn’t been time, but he asked anyway, “Would you have believed me?”
“Probably not,” she admitted.  Then she gave him a serious look.  “I have to call the constable.  You killed someone.”
“Something,” he corrected.
“You can say it was self-defense.  They’ll probably believe you, especially if I testify on your behalf.”
“I was defending you, not me,” he replied dryly, “so I don’t think it’s technically self-defense.”
“Either way, you won’t hang for it,” said Laina.  “But you still have to answer for assaulting Darla.”
“She shot me first,” snapped Will, his patience thinning.
Laina shook her head.  “You pulled your sword out, then she shot you.  I saw it.”
A new voice entered the conversation.  “I was going to shoot him anyway.”  It was Darla.  Her words were clear though her voice was weak.  “I thought he was after you.  We misunderstood each other.”
Laina went on, “But you did save her life, so perhaps we can pretend it didn’t happen.”
His sarcasm was thick as he accepted.  “That’s very gracious of you.”  He froze as his eyes caught a flash of turyn across the street, from not one, but four separate places.  Four men appeared, rising from the ground as though it was no more solid than water.  Each of them had three elementals, one of earth, one of fire, and one of air.  They were dressed in dark gray tunics that covered what was probably a chain shirt and gambeson beneath.  More people?  How many were watching this house?
The men moved cautiously toward him, taking different vectors so he couldn’t keep his eyes on all of them.  “Put the sword down and kneel,” ordered one of them in an authoritative tone.
Will got quickly to his feet.  The gate that opened into Laina’s front yard was still open.  He moved in front of the two women and spoke to Laina from one side of his mouth.  “Help Darla inside and close the gate.”
“Neither of you move,” barked the stranger, then he focused on Will again.  “Don’t make me repeat myself.  Drop the weapon and kneel, now!”
He was moving his head back and forth, trying to keep all of them in sight, though it was impossible.  “Or what?  Who are you?”
“Your worst nightmare, child.  Surrender or you might not walk away from this.”  The man was close enough that Will could see his eyes now—they were cold and hard.
“I’ve seen several nightmares.  You aren’t even close to making my list,” Will shot back.
Laina’s hand touched his arm.  “Will, stop.  They’re the king’s men, the Driven.”
He had no idea what that meant, but her tone implied they were part of some special force.  “They aren’t wearing any livery or insignia,” he replied cautiously, weighing his options.  He didn’t want to fight if they were servants of the king, but he still wasn’t convinced.
“Enough of this,” said the commander impatiently.  In the blink of an eye a source-link snapped out, and to Will’s surprise, managed to connect to him.
Without thinking, he snarled and wrested control of the link away from the man.  He paralyzed the fellow before he could react and watched him fall, feeling a sense of satisfaction.  One of the others sent something hard flying at his head, but he blocked it with a point-defense shield and then turned to drive his sword at the man who was rushing at his back.  Almost by pure chance, his blade skipped up the front of the man’s chest and sank into his unarmored throat.  The unfortunate soldier fell back, blood spraying from the wound.
The fourth was about to unleash a spell, something involving air from what Will could see, but there wasn’t much he could do about it.  If it’s a wind-wall or something similar I’m dead, he thought grimly as he tried to create a force-lance, but he knew he’d be a second too late.
“Unleash that spell on my son-in-law and I’ll see you dead, lieutenant.”  The voice belonged to a fifth man, who had only now chosen to reveal himself, rising from the ground just as the other had before.  It was the king.
Will didn’t know whether to be relieved or terrified.  This can’t be happening.
King Lognion walked resolutely toward them and the remaining soldiers—the two who weren’t wounded or paralyzed—became still while somehow also conveying a sense of respect and deference to their sovereign.  From the corner of his eye Will saw Laina drop into a deep curtsey.
The king’s eyes flicked down to take note of the burning corpse and the man hemorrhaging from his throat.  The one who was bleeding had already lost consciousness and would probably be dead in another minute at best.  Then Lognion’s eyes went to the paralyzed commander before finally coming to rest on Will.  “I see your habits haven’t changed in recent months, William.  Have you no knee for your monarch?”
Will’s brain had finally settled on muted terror for the emotional backdrop of his mind, and consequently his common sense began to suffer for it.  The last time he had met the king in person had been when he had confronted the man about his daughter.  As the months had passed peacefully, he had begun to secretly hope that perhaps he wouldn’t ever have to meet Lognion again.  Rationally he had known that wouldn’t really be possible—he had pledged to kill the man, after all—but even so, he wasn’t mentally prepared to face Selene’s father again.
Naturally, he said something stupid, “I thought perhaps family weren’t required to do that sort of thing.”
A faint quirk appeared at the corner of Lognion’s mouth then vanished quickly.  “Only in private, assuming I choose to allow you such freedoms, and only if you’re prepared to speak to me in a familial manner.  Are you suggesting you’d like to call me Father?”
Several awkward seconds passed as Will tried to figure out a response.  Apparently he had two options, but he certainly didn’t feel like calling the devil in front of him Father.  He bowed instead. “Your Majesty, I didn’t expect to encounter you here.”
“Nor I you, William.”  He glanced at the paralyzed commander once again.  “Would you mind releasing my man?”
“Oh!”  Will had forgotten.  He dropped the source-link spell a second later.
Meanwhile, Lognion’s attention had turned to Laina, who still had her head down and knees bent as she maintained her curtsey.  “Miss Nerrow, be at ease.  I trust you are safe and sound?”  Before she could answer, the commander finished standing and the king held up one hand.  “One moment before you answer that.”  He turned to the commander, and without warning his arm lashed out, backhanding the soldier and sending him tumbling to the ground.  “Your idiocy almost cost my daughter a husband.  Get back on your feet.”  The king’s face shifted from rage to utmost calm as he faced Laina once again.  “Where were we?”
Will’s half-sister seemed disturbed by what she had seen.  Swallowing to clear her throat, she answered, “I’m unhurt, Your Majesty.  Thank you for asking.”
“Glad to hear it.”  Lognion addressed the commander again. “The one on fire was our target wasn’t it?”
“Yes, Sire.”
The monarch sighed with obvious irritation.  “An interrogation is unlikely now, but perhaps the body will give us some answers.  Detail one of the men to see that the remains are recovered.”  Then Lognion’s focus shifted.  “Is this the one you mentioned before?”  He waved a hand in the direction of Laina’s fallen bodyguard.  The woman’s wounds had finished healing, but she hadn’t risen to her feet yet.
The commander stiffened.  “Yes, Your Majesty.”
“Seize her,” ordered the king.  It happened so quickly that Laina barely had time to yelp as the two soldiers on either side stepped forward and grabbed Darla.  The woman offered no resistance as they pulled her to her feet and dragged her to stand in front of the King of Terabinia.
Lognion’s eyes lit with excitement and he drew a poniard from his belt.  “Hold her.”
“Your Majesty!” protested Laina.  Will started to step forward, but Lognion turned his gaze on them and he froze.
“I merely wish to confirm the lady’s identity,” said the king with a sneer.  Then he whistled and four more men stepped into the light near the street corner.  They were dressed identically to the other soldiers.  The men joined them, and the commander detailed two of the newcomers to keep an eye on the burning remains while the others stayed alert in case trouble broke out.
Laina deflated and Will stepped back, unsure what to do.  Starting a fight now would only endanger his sister.
The king brought the dagger up and inserted the blade into the collar of the woman’s tunic then pulled downward.  It cut for only an inch before meeting a hidden layer of mail.  A chain vest was sandwiched between layers of linen.  Undeterred, Lognion kept working, moving the blade to either side and cutting away the fabric.  After a moment only the mail vest and the padding beneath it remained.  Darla’s eyes were flat and empty.  “Keep her still,” he ordered the two men holding her.
Lognion formed a spell and turyn began to glow around his hands.  Reaching out, he grasped the top of the vest and pulled.  The riveted steel links began to part and the gambeson beneath it tore.  Darla’s demeanor shifted instantly.  Her right leg came up, but Lognion was ready for her.  Releasing her vest, his left hand caught the woman’s knee while his right drove forward into her belly.  Laina’s friend sagged, but the king barked another order.  “Hold her up.”
Then he resumed his task, ripping the vest and gambeson away to reveal the woman’s bare chest.  A dark tattoo in black and red showed between her breasts, a stylized spider.  “As I thought, one of the Arkeshi.  Your life is forfeit, assassin, as it has been from the moment you stepped onto Terabinian soil.”
“She’s an exile,” declared Laina suddenly.
Lognion turned his head slowly, with a predator’s grace, until his eyes had locked onto the newest target of his interest.  “You know her?”
Laina blanched, but she wouldn’t disavow her friend.  “She’s an exile.  She no longer owes allegiance to the Great Khan.  I hired her to serve as my bodyguard.  She’s here on my behalf.”
The king’s lips curled slightly at the corner and Will felt his heart shrink.  He had seen that expression on the cruel man’s face too many times in the past.  “Let me rephrase that for you, Miss Nerrow,” said the monarch, his eyes flicking over to study Will for a moment, gauging his reaction.  “If you take responsibility for bringing this assassin into Terabinia then the crime is yours.”
Will could see his sister’s hands begin to visibly shake.  She linked them together to hide her fear.  Then she asked, “If I do, will you spare her life?”
A deep chuckle resounded in the king’s chest.  “Do you think your status as the daughter of a lord will keep you from punishment?  Someone must pay when a crime is committed.”  There was an evil light in his eyes.
“What would my punishment be, if I claimed responsibility?”
“Laina, no!” snapped Will.  “You have no idea what he’s capable of.”
King Lognion smiled with mock sweetness.  “Such a touching reunion, William.  You know what I’m capable of, don’t you, and why?”  His eyes flitted to Laina for a second, then back to Will.
He’s threatening her to get to me, thought Will. What does he want?  Before he could say anything, Darla spoke out.  “Let him kill me, Laina.  Death means nothing to me.”
“Your guardian is both loyal and wise, Miss Nerrow,” said the king.  “If you choose to take responsibility, I will grant her amnesty for so long as she serves you, but you will have to accept punishment and I doubt your father will be pleased.  Ten lashes in the public square will be a mark of shame on your family’s honor.”
Laina’s face went white, and her lip trembled when she answered, but her voice was clear.  “I accept responsibility.  Please spare her life.”
Will’s heart sank, and Darla cried out, “Laina, no!”
Meanwhile the king smiled cheerfully and then gave the order.  “Seize her.”  Darla struggled to escape the men holding her as the commander took Laina’s arm.
Unused to such roughness, Laina automatically tried to pull away.  “Unhand me!” she commanded.  “I’ve already surrendered.”
Lognion took one quick step forward, then slapped Laina with such force that her head whipped to one side.  Stunned, she stared back at him, blood dripping down her cheek where one of his rings had cut her skin.  “You’re a criminal now, Miss Nerrow.  Don’t expect to be treated as a woman of gentle birth.  You’ll spend the night in a cell.  Once you’ve taken your lashes you’ll be released.  Until then”—the king paused, relishing the words—“please resist.”
Will couldn’t take it any longer.  “Let her go.”
Lognion Maligant met his gaze.  “You have no standing to interfere, son-in-law.”
“Yes, I do,” said Will flatly.  Lognion is one of the few people who know that Laina and I share blood.
“Perhaps you do,” said the king with a twisted grin.  “Would you like to beg leniency on her behalf?”
“What is it you want?” asked Will.
The king’s fist lashed out, and Will had to steel himself to keep from using a point-defense shield to protect himself, then he was falling.  “That’s for showing disrespect yet again.”
Sullen anger smoldered in Will’s features as he looked up.  “What is it you want, Your Majesty?”
“I have five questions,” said Lognion.  “For each one you answer I’ll deduct two lashes from the punishment.  For each question you refuse, I’ll give you the lashes instead.”
Stubborn and angry, Will responded, “Agreed.”  He already had a bad feeling he wouldn’t like the questions, and he knew from past experience that the king was a seemingly flawless lie detector.
“Where is my daughter?”
Shock ran through him.  He knows she’s gone!  Will’s eyes widened, and he struggled to think.  From the corner of his eye, he could see Laina studying him with combination of horror and interest, since she also desperately wanted to know the answer.  Lying wouldn’t work.  His mind ran in circles for ten seconds or more before he finally made the only choice available to him.  “I refuse to answer that.”
Laina gasped audibly, and Lognion held up two fingers.  “How delightful.  Very well, here is my second question:  Where is Selene?”
He started to answer when Laina broke in.  “Will, stop.  This is stupid.  He’s her father, just tell him.”
You’re more worried about finding out yourself than you are with me taking your punishment, thought Will sourly.  “I refuse.”
Lognion held up two more fingers.  “Third question, where is my only living child?”
Will felt a cold sweat beginning to form on his body.  He’d been beaten with a coachwhip once as a child, ironically enough because he had saved Laina from a snake the first time they met.  The coach driver had thought he had attacked her and had laid into him several times before Selene had stopped the man.  He still had the scar on his cheek.
He’d almost taken lashes while in the army, but Tiny had taken the blame for him.  Will had seen the damage done to the big man’s back and he was sure it was worse than what had happened to him.  “I refuse.”
The king arched his brows.  “How noble of you.  Before I ask the next question, you should know I plan on administering your punishment personally.  I like to make every stroke count.  I also like to soak the whip in brine.  Some say that’s just cruel, but it’s a mercy really.  The salt helps the wound stop bleeding more quickly, though it does make the cut agonizingly painful.”  He paused to let his words sink in, then asked, “Where is your wife?”
Something snapped as fear overloaded Will’s mind.  “Why don’t you summon her and ask her yourself?”  The world went black as Lognion’s fist drove him into unconsciousness.  When he awoke, he was being held by two men in much the same fashion that Darla had been a few minutes earlier.
“Are you awake?” asked the king.  “I don’t like beating unconscious men.  Too much effort for no reward.”
Groggy, Will answered, “Yes, and that was your fifth question.”  Even as he said it, he knew the remark would earn him a more severe beating, but he couldn’t help himself.  Probably too much time spent around the fae, he decided.  That sort of thing would work with them.
Lognion remained still for a moment, then began to chuckle.  “All right, fine.  You made me laugh.  I’ll count that one as a question answered.”  The smile on the king’s face was genuine, which made it all the more terrifying.
He really is insane.
“This is why I love dealing with you, William.  You’re so much more entertaining than any of my other servants or enemies.”  Lognion patted his cheek affectionately.  He nodded to the two men holding Will up.  “Follow me.  We’ll take him behind Lord Nerrow’s house.”
Laina squeaked in surprise.  “Here?  Now?  You were going to take me to the square—”
“Remember your place, Miss Nerrow.”
She dipped her head.  “Your Majesty.”
Lognion nodded happily.  “The difference, Miss Nerrow, is that William is my son-in-law.  A public flogging would bring embarrassment to the throne, so we will have to make do with a private affair.  In all honesty, I prefer it this way.  As I said, I do enjoy administering the punishment myself.”  He led the way toward the Nerrow home.
Chapter 9
The Nerrow household fell into chaos at the sudden appearance of the king.  The baron’s servants were running to and fro, and Mark Nerrow was clearly working hard to hide his dismay at having such an auspicious visitor with no warning.
When Lord Nerrow spotted Will among those who entered, a moment’s panic flickered behind his eyes, but he recovered quickly.  A look of deep concern entered his face when the circumstances were explained.  Will’s father stared at his illegitimate son’s face, but Will had no idea what the man’s expression represented—shame, worry, embarrassment, or perhaps fear of discovery.
Will looked away.  Currently he and Laina were standing in the kitchen, he with two guards holding him.  Laina was free to do as she pleased, but for some reason she remained in the room.  Why is she here? Will wondered.  Shouldn’t she retire?  Darla had been taken upstairs already, where apparently the bodyguard already had a room of her own.
Lognion was in the next room, speaking with Mark and Agnes Nerrow while he waited on servants to fetch the required implements.  Glancing around once more, Will caught Laina staring at him.  “You should probably go to your room.  I don’t think you’ll want to see this,” he told her.
She ignored the suggestion.  “This was supposed to be my punishment.  The least I can do is stay with you.”  She hesitated before asking, “Are you scared?”
“I’d be lying if I said otherwise,” he admitted.
They stood in silence for a minute, then she asked, “Why?”
“Why what?”
“All of it,” said Laina.  “Why did you follow me in the rain?  Why were you watching my home?  Why would you put yourself in this position for me?”
“I thought Darla was an assassin—” he began, but she interrupted him.
“I’ve figured that out.  I’m trying to understand your motivation.  A while back, before she disappeared, Selene told me you were crazy, but I don’t think that’s the case.  There’s definitely a reason of some sort.  What is it?”
He couldn’t tell her he was her brother.  Even if he were willing the two men holding his arms would hear.  Cudgeling his brain, he tried to come up with a reasonable explanation for his behavior.  “Remember the snake, when you were a child?” he said at last.
“Huh?”
Will pointed at the scar on his cheek.  “When I got this?  Maybe this is just a bad habit of mine.”
Laina seemed genuinely confused.  “I have no idea what you’re talking about.  Can you answer without being cryptic?”
There was a stir in the next room as the man who had gone out to find the necessary items returned.  His waiting would soon be done.  He wasn’t about to be executed, but Will felt a sense of urgency.  “For Selene,” he said quickly.
“Selene?”
“You wanted her help, but she couldn’t be there for you.  I’m just trying to take care of you in her place.”
His half-sister gave him a suspicious look.  “I’m not sure if I believe that, and even if it’s true, I can tell you for certain she wouldn’t want you to take the whip for me.”
“I didn’t really mean to,” said Will.  “I didn’t think he would ask about her.”
“But you could have told him,” insisted Laina.  “Most would say there’s no shame in obeying your king, even if it means you have to break a promise.”
He gave her a hard look.  “I’m sure she’s told you about her family situation.  Would you have told him?”
A shadow fell on her expression.  “I’m not sure.  It depends on the reason.  He is the king, after all.”
“Then I made the right choice,” said Will, firming his jaw.
“What do you mean?”
“About not telling you where she is.”
She looked as though she’d been slapped.  “I said it would depend on the reason!  Don’t start making assumptions about me.”
The commander called to the guards and they tightened their hold on him.  It was time.
It turned out that Baron Nerrow’s house contained a small atrium.  The area was tiled but contained a plethora of plants, some in large planters while others hung around the edges of the open space.  In the center was a bench and a statue of Temarah, presumably so that anyone enjoying the garden atmosphere could reflect on the mercy of the goddess.
Although Will hadn’t been included in the discussion between the king and Mark and Agnes Nerrow, he had heard some of it, and much of it had revolved around Agnes’ objection to using the statue of the holy mother as a whipping post.  The king had won the argument, and now Will stood in front of Temarah’s stone form, his arms up and his wrists tied together behind her neck.  To a casual observer it almost looked as though he was embracing the goddess.
He squeezed his eyes shut and rested his forehead against the statue’s chest.  The cool stone felt good against his skin as he tried to stay calm.  He had been stripped to the waist and the cold night air sent shivers down his back.  I have to relax, he reminded himself.  Someone had once told him that the damage was worse if you tensed up.  How the hell can anyone relax in this situation?
“At least give him something to bite down on,” protested Mark Nerrow.  He and Laina stood on one side of the atrium to observe.  Agnes had gone inside, unwilling to see her garden defiled.  Tabitha, the younger daughter, had awoken during all the commotion and had wanted to be present, but her mother had refused.
Lognion waved a hand dismissively, then leaned in to whisper in Will’s ear.  “That would ruin the fun, wouldn’t it, William?  The best part is the screaming.”
Will didn’t reply, and as the king stepped away he tried not to hear the sound of the whip being removed from the bucket of brine.  He was so scared he felt like vomiting.  He’d never been particularly religious, especially after learning that Aislinn and Elthas weren’t actually gods but rather lords of the fae.  Even so he found his attention on the statue in front of him.  Temarah, I don’t know if you’re real, but if you can help me somehow, I will be forever grateful, he thought desperately.
There was a faint whistling sound as the whip cut through the air, and then the world vanished as his awareness was consumed by white-hot agony.  For a moment he lost control of his body and his legs collapsed, but strong arms held him up.  A voice filtered into his mind. I am here.
Temarah?  Opening his eyes, Will realized the statue was gone.  In its place was a woman of flesh and blood.  His arms were still tied around her neck, but it was her arms that embraced him, keeping him from sagging in place.  The woman was beautiful, but in an entirely human way.  Unlike the depictions he had seen in churches, her hair and eyes were brown, rather than blond and blue.  She seemed ordinary, but the warmth in her gaze radiated compassion—and sorrow.
If that is what you wish to call me—most do these days.
Please help me, he begged, then the whip whistled again, and his world filled with pain.
I can’t stop the pain of living. You must endure on your own.
When he opened his eyes again, he could see the woman was weeping.  She held him tighter and pressed her cheek against the side of his head. Why are you here? he asked mentally, desperate to think of anything other than the next stroke of the whip.  Blinding agony overwhelmed him again, washing away his thoughts.
Because you called, and you remind me of him.  You must be strong afterward.  Don’t let the shame poison your heart.  My beloved was punished like this once and it took years for him to recover his old spirit.
Your beloved?
My husband.
Marduke, the Lord of the Underworld?  The next stroke brought such pain that his lungs seized, and he could no longer breathe.  He tried to jerk, to move, anything to escape, but the goddess held him still.  When he looked at her again, he felt her breath on his face and suddenly his lungs relaxed.
He was not an evil man any more than I was a perfect example of motherhood.  The theology of this age has been extremely unkind to him.  He was just a man, as you are.  We fought and loved together, to make a better future for our children, to be happy.
His back was a single, aching mass that radiated constant misery.  With each blow it somehow became more sensitive, and when the next landed his scream was unrestrained.  His eyes were already streaming tears and his nose was filled with snot.  He might have vomited; it was hard to be sure.  Only the pain mattered.
And then it vanished.  He floated above the atrium, looking down at his body as it stood rigidly in front of the statue of Temarah.  Glancing to one side, he realized she was floating beside him.  It felt so natural it never occurred to him to ask how they got there.  Instead he returned to what she had just told him.  Did you succeed?  Were you happy?
The goddess smiled faintly.  We were happy for as long as we lived.  But time can be cruel.  Now we seek happiness through this world, though just as often we find pain.
They watched as Lognion finished the last strokes.  Will noticed that his body hardly responded now, as though it was made of stone as hard as the statue of the goddess.  Are you doing this? he asked.
I kept you still at first, but now that you’ve freed yourself from the flesh, I am only lending you aid with the artistic touches.
Artistic touches?
When she looked at him again, he could see a burning fury in her gaze.  I have a special hatred for this form of punishment and those who abuse it for their sick pleasure.  She turned her eyes toward the king.  That one in particular.  He is due a reckoning.
I’m supposed to kill him, Will told her.  But I would rather not have to.  Maybe your vengeance will save me the trouble?
She shook her head.  The world is for the living.  I merely observe.  You must cleanse it for yourself.  She began to fade in front of his eyes.
Don’t go! he begged, but it was too late.  He was alone.
But he wasn’t in his body.  Looking down, he saw it still standing rigidly in front of the statue of Temarah.  He had no idea how to return and when he thought about it, he began to drift farther away.  For a second he panicked, and his perspective began to shift and roll.  Will struggled to calm himself, and once his thoughts were clear he started to get a feel for how to control his movement.  It was the reverse of swimming.  In the water he could use his arms and legs to push against the water around him, but here there was no water.  There was nothing solid, nothing material, not even air.  Normally solid things like the ground, walls, the statue, other people, all of them were intangible.  They provided not even the smallest resistance when his hands touched them.
The trick was to focus on a particular thing.  It had confused him at first, because it felt like he was pushing away from whatever he put his mind to, but the opposite was the case.  In the real world, the physical world, he moved toward something by pushing against other things, such as the ground when walking.  Here attempting to push against other things the way he would with a physical body worked against him.  Every time his attention wavered to something else, it would send him in that direction.
It felt as though it took several minutes to figure out, but when he took stock of the people standing around his body, he saw that they had barely moved.  Focusing on his own face, he felt himself rushing toward it.  There was a brief feeling of resistance and then the world exploded around him.  Holy Mother!  The pain was unbelievable.
Opening his eyes, the first thing he took note of was Mark and Laina Nerrow.  They stood off to one side, and he couldn’t remember the last time he had seen two people so visibly upset.  The baron’s face was red, and his hands were balled into tight fists.  Laina was vomiting into one of her mother’s topiaries.
Will turned to face his father-in-law.  “Are we done?”  His throat felt ragged when he spoke, and he realized he had probably been screaming.  As he moved, he felt the skin on his back shift oddly and something flapped, as though he wore a shirt that had been badly torn.  Was that my skin?  He glanced down and saw blood soaking into his trousers.  Waves of agony washed over him, and he fought to keep his eyes focused on Lognion.
“You must not have heard me,” said the king.  “But then I suppose that can be forgiven, given what you’ve been through.  I’ve never seen anyone react to a flogging in quite such a stoic manner.  It was impressive, though you took some of the joy from my task.  I offered to have my private physician treat you.  I may have outdone myself.  I believe you’ll need professional assistance to avoid permanent injury.”
“I don’t want anything from you,” said Will hoarsely.  “I already have the only thing of value you’ve ever possessed—Selene.”
Mark Nerrow stepped forward.  “We’ll take care of him, Your Majesty.”
Lognion studied the baron for a few seconds.  “Yes, I’m sure you will.  You’ve always lived up to your responsibilities, haven’t you, Mark?”
The baron lowered his eyes, but Will could see his father was fighting to swallow his anger.
The king turned away to head back into the house.  “My offer stands.  If you need help, bring him to the palace.”  He gathered his soldiers and left while Agnes returned to the atrium to check on Will and her family.
Laina’s mother nearly fainted when she saw the tattered skin hanging from Will’s back in ribbons.  “Mark, we need to take him to the college.  Only Doctor Morris will be capable of treating something as bad as this.  How could you let him do such a thing?”
“Because he’s the godsdamned king!” swore Mark Nerrow angrily.  “He’s sick!  I had to stand there and watch him do it!  It wasn’t even a flogging.  It looked like he was trying to flay the skin from his back.”
Meanwhile Will had already summoned his last regeneration potion.  In less than two hours he had used both of his remaining treasures and they wouldn’t be easily replaced.  A thousand gold down my throat, he thought as he swallowed.  Another wave of dizziness hit him, and he swayed.  Mark and Agnes both started toward him, but Laina reached him first, slipping her shoulder beneath his arm before he fell.
The act of lifting his arm shifted the skin of his back and sent fire blazing along his nerves.  Will found himself leaning heavily on the younger woman.  I’m getting blood all over her dress, he realized.  “That will be hard to wash out, but I have a spell that will do the trick,” he commented blearily.  His body was beginning to itch intensely as the regeneration potion started its work.
Will stumbled along and eventually he opened his eyes and found himself lying across a large bed.  Voices were arguing in the hall behind him.  “Why’d you put him in there?  You should have taken him to the guest room.”  That was Mark Nerrow’s voice.
“He was about to pass out.  I couldn’t carry him.  If you want to try, you can carry him down the hall, but he’s already bled all over the bed.  There’s no sense in ruining two sets of bedding,” Laina responded sharply.
“Is he still here?” asked another young woman’s voice, probably his younger sister, Tabitha.
“What are you doing out of your room?  I told you to stay there,” snapped their mother.
Mark interrupted, “Let me by.  I’m going to move him.  We can’t have him in Laina’s room.”
“For the sake of all that’s holy, Mark, leave him be!” snapped Agnes.  “He’s had enough.”
“That potion he took healed his wounds,” said the baron.  “It won’t hurt him.  He’s just exhausted.”
“And he’s sleeping,” Agnes shot back.  “After what he’s done for Laina he deserves better than to have you dragging him all over the house.”
You tell him, Agnes, Will thought with a faint smirk.  He’d never really had a chance to get to know his father’s wife, or anyone in the family, to be honest, but he’d barely met Agnes before that night.  Despite himself, he found he liked her.
He had always had an image in his mind of her as just another spoiled noblewoman.  Since she was the woman that Mark had abandoned Will’s mother for, he supposed he should hate her, but he couldn’t find it in his heart to hold a grudge.  She seemed like a genuinely decent human being.  But I wonder what she’d think if she found out who I was?  Would she still be advocating for my beauty sleep?
Chapter 10
During the night Will rose once to attend to certain bodily functions and discovered that someone had undressed him.  He was forced to use a coverlet to cover himself as he worried that one of the ladies of the house might walk in while he was using the chamber pot.  With that out of the way, he returned to bed.  Before falling back asleep, he studied the decor.  He’d expected it to be filled with luxurious furnishings, but the room was surprisingly plain.  That wasn’t to say it was poorly decorated, but the style was minimal and tastefully done.  It was distinctly feminine, but overall it gave him the sense that Laina was more concerned with function than superficial ornaments.
That ran completely counter to the impression he’d gained when she had visited Selene while he was in the army.  Back then she’d seemed bored, and her only concern was shopping.  Of course having a room that was modestly furnished didn’t make Laina a paragon of virtue.  After all, from what Tailtiu told me she spends every evening running from house to house attending every party thrown in the capital.
That thought brought his fear and worry for his aunt back to the fore.  He still had no idea what had happened to her.  And what was that thing that went after Laina?  The king had taken the remains back with him.  Another question, why was the king there?  Was he watching Laina as well, or was he hunting the thing that tried to kill her?
“None of it makes the slightest damned sense,” he muttered to himself.  And that was just the start of it.  Had he really been visited by Temarah?  The part where he had left his body had been bizarre, but it wasn’t the first time something like that had happened.  When he’d nearly died as a child after being bitten by a snake, he’d had a similar experience.  It had been Arrogan who saved his life and who put him back in his proper vessel.  He’d had a second brief experience while keeping the dam from collapsing.
And now this.  Maybe it only happens when I’m close to death, he hypothesized, but that didn’t make sense either.  He’d been in plenty of other near-death situations without leaving his body.  Will considered consulting the ring, but he worried that someone might overhear the conversation.  He’d wait until he got home.
Instead, he tried to see if he could do it again.  Mentally he pushed and strained, trying to leave his body, but he failed.  Then he tried relaxing and focusing his attention in the same way he had done in order to move when he’d been outside his body before.  Something happened then.  He felt a certain pressure, and for a moment it felt as though he was slipping free, but he snapped back into his flesh a split second later.
Will kept it up for several minutes, but his eyes grew heavy.  It was late, and the regeneration potion had used up most of his strength.  Before he knew it he was drifting once more into dreams.
Or rather nightmares.  He found himself back in the atrium.  Lognion loomed before him, whip in hand while a vast host of onlookers watched from the sides, jeering at him.  He fought to get away, but a swarm of hands took hold of him, dragging him back to the statue where he was again tied in place.  The whip whistled through the air, and he screamed, knowing the pain that would ignite in his back.
“It’s all right!  It’s just a dream.”  Someone was shaking him.  Opening his eyes, he saw that it was the baroness.  The look of empathy and concern on her features made him feel vaguely guilty, as though he had committed a crime or lied to her.  You have, he realized.  Lied by omission.  How would she feel if she knew who your father was?
The sunlight was streaming through the window and the angle told him he had overslept; it was probably close to noon.  He bolted upright in the bed.  “I’m late to class,” he informed her.
“Worry about that later,” said Agnes soothingly.  “After what you’ve been through you needed the rest.  Your classes will still be there tomorrow.”
His head swiveled back and forth as he tried to spot his clothes, his armor, or his other belongings.  He was still naked under the covers.  “I should really be going,” he replied.  “Do you know where my things are?”
“They’re being cleaned,” she answered primly.
Will frowned.  “Even the armor?”
Agnes laughed.  “You aren’t the first to wear mail.  Andrew knows how to take care of your gear.”
“You didn’t need to do that,” said Will.  He guessed Andrew must be the name of one of her servants.  “It’s too much trouble.  Besides, I just—”
She touched a finger to his lips to stop him from continuing.  “It was covered in blood.  Even the gambeson was soaked through.  I’m sure you know what blood does to steel.”
Blood?  He’d removed his mail before the flogging, and Darla’s quarrel had barely cut the skin of his stomach.  Oh, the soldier…  He felt bad when he thought about the man whose throat he’d opened.  The fellow had just been following orders.  If I’d surrendered immediately, he would still be alive.  It’s not as though my stubbornness changed anything.
He looked up at Agnes.  “Even so, I’m too much in your debt already.  Let me replace the sheets and blankets…”
She gave him a stern look.  “Young man, are you trying to insult me?”
“No, Your Excellency.”
“Agnes. Please call me Agnes,” she corrected.  “What you did last night was a remarkable act of self-sacrifice.  It horrifies me to think of one of my children enduring the kind of suffering that you took on for my Laina.  I consider the debt to be mine, so please stop trying to refuse my hospitality.  Am I understood?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Are you hungry?”
He was positively starving.  “I’m famished,” he admitted.  “If you show me to the kitchen I’ll—”
The baroness frowned again.  “Didn’t we just cover this topic?”
Will held up his hands.  “I’m not trying to refuse your hospitality.  I just like to cook my own breakfast.”
“I’ll have you know that our cook, Armand, is one of the best in Cerria,” she said proudly.
He felt a grin begin to form.  “Would you like to make a wager?”
Puzzled, she stared at him.  “On what?”
“Let me borrow your kitchen to cook for you and I’ll compete with Armand.  If I can’t make something you like better than what he offers I’ll eat my hat,” he declared confidently.
“Not that I would wish to disparage your skills, but you do realize that you’re not just part of the nobility now, but also technically a royal.  Cooking your own meals will earn you some strange looks in the future.”
“It’s a hobby.”
The baroness’ lips formed a faint smirk.  “I suppose that explanation will suffice.  Very well, let’s see if Armand is willing to take up your challenge, but you’ll have to cook for everyone.  Are you sure you’re sufficiently recovered?”
Somehow, he had forgotten the previous evening.  As her words brought back the memory, he felt a flash of pain, and his back tensed so painfully that he contorted and fell back onto the pillows.  There was nothing physically wrong with him—the regeneration potion had seen to that—but the memory was so powerful that it overwhelmed him.  Agnes cried out in alarm and held onto his arm, but after a few seconds the spasm had passed.
“William?” she asked.
He nodded, though his brow was beginning to bead with sweat.  “Let’s not talk about it.  The memory is still too strong.”
“Perhaps we should forget about this contest then,” she suggested.
He sat up and threw back the covers.  “No, I need to keep myself occupied.”  His face shifted to red as he realized he was still naked, and he quickly jerked a coverlet over himself.
Agnes wasn’t embarrassed in the slightest, though she laughed at his expression.  Rising to her feet, she moved to the door.  “I’ll have some clothes brought in for you.  You’re almost the same size as Mark, so I’m sure some of his things will fit you.  You’re practically the spitting image of him when he was your age.”  With that, she left.
Will stared at the door, feeling nervous once more.  What if she realizes?
***
Lethargy caused him to doubt his decision, but once he got into the kitchen and finished waking up, his energy returned.  The family cook, Armand, turned out to be a heavyset man in his middling years, and his appearance was unusual in that he had neither beard nor mustache.  While being completely cleanshaven was mildly unusual, the man’s head also appeared to be thoroughly denuded.  Or maybe he’s just bald, thought Will.  It was hard to tell with the white cap that the man wore.
Armand responded to Will’s challenge with equanimity and an air of assurance.  The man had been cooking for men and women of high station for most of his life.  There was no doubt in him that he would win.
Will’s blood warmed as he got to work.  He had a good idea of the types of food the upper class in Cerria were used to.  If Armand was as skilled as Agnes had claimed, then the man would probably serve an omelet or possibly sweet crepes paired with sausages or ham.  Rather than compete with him, Will decided to go with something he doubted the baroness had had before.
He chuckled wickedly, thinking of the breakfasts Arrogan had made for him.  The crotchety old wizard had been an exceptional cook, and over the course of his hundreds of years the old man had traveled most of the known world.  Some of the dishes he had introduced Will to had no equivalents in Terabinian cuisine.  The kitchen at the Nerrow house was well appointed, and after a brief survey of the tools and ingredients he had available to him, Will began.
Somewhere in the middle of things Armand glanced over at him.  “What a shame.”
“How so?” asked Will, glancing up from the apple he was slicing into wafer-thin slices.
“All those ingredients gone to waste.”
Will hid a smile.  “We’ll see.  Where did the vinegar go?”
The other man pointed to a shelf and returned to his own work, shaking his head.  Will got the vinegar and measured out what he needed, until the smell hit him.  Something about it reminded him of the brine from the night before, and his legs sagged beneath him.  It was all he could do to catch himself on the edge of the worktable.  With an effort of will he straightened up, but his hands continued to tremble for several minutes while he worked.
Breakfast was served later than usual, since Will and his competitor had both gone to great lengths to produce the best they could offer.  The family was already seated at the dining table with Mark at one end and his wife at the other while Laina and Tabitha sat on one side in the middle.
Armand had produced a savory crepe that was paired with sausages and sweet strawberry tarts.  Will was impressed by the man’s skill, and he was glad he had chosen not to compete head-to-head with similar dishes.  Years of practice had given the old cook the perfect touch with both his batter for his crepes and the crust on his tarts.  Will would have lost if he’d tried to best the man with either of those.
The family glanced at the double set of plates placed before them.  Mark Nerrow seemed somber and detached as he tasted the various dishes.  Laina was only marginally more animated, but Tabitha was practically bubbling with enthusiasm.  She gave Will a smile and a wink as she began to sample each dish.
As expected, they gave Armand’s food high marks, but their expressions turned to surprise, then delight as they moved on to Will’s offering.  Within minutes it was apparent he had won, for they kept sampling, tasting, and outright devouring what he had put in front of them.  Agnes was the first to address him.  “What exactly is this?”  She pointed her spoon at the fluffy yet savory concoction that was in the ramekin in front of her.
“It’s called a soufflé,” Will answered.  “It’s made with eggs and cheese and it has to be served immediately after cooking, before it falls.”
“It’s almost like cake,” Tabitha enthused, “except it isn’t sweet.  It’s sort of cheesy and light.”
Mark leaned back.  He had already finished everything he had been given.  “I have to confess I never would have imagined having a salad for breakfast, but it went surprisingly well with the cheese thing.”
Will smiled.  He’d made a salad with bitter dandelion greens and a sweet vinaigrette, then he’d topped it with crisp slices of sweet apple and added crunchy walnuts toasted with honey.  The combination of textures and fresh, sweet, and sour flavors made the salad a perfect respite from the light but rich soufflé.
Surprisingly, Armand wasn’t a sore loser.  After the winner had been decided, the two men returned to the kitchen and ate the remainders, each eating the other’s food.  Will complimented him.  “I couldn’t have made a tart like this.  It’s absolutely perfect.”
Armand grunted.  “It’s just time and practice.  Where did you get the idea for that salad?”
“My grandfather.  I think he traveled a lot.  He was very demanding about his food, but he taught me as much as he could.”
“I’d like you to show me how you made that soufflé, if you don’t mind.”
“Sure.”  He explained what he had done, then added, “I can return sometime and make it again with you if you wish.”
“William,” Agnes was calling to him from the other room.
“I’d better go,” he told the cook.  Returning to the dining room, he sat across from Laina.
“You weren’t going to eat with us after all the effort you went to?” asked the baroness.
He grinned sheepishly.  “Actually, I just finished.  I tasted a lot as I was cooking, and Armand and I just traded our dishes with each other.”
Laina snorted.  “He’s married to a princess, but he eats in the kitchen like a farmhand.”
“And cooks like a god,” added Tabitha, a dreamy smile on her face.  “Will you be visiting us again, Will?”
He wasn’t sure how to answer, and his eyes went to the baron and baroness to gauge their reaction to the question.  Mark Nerrow frowned faintly, but his wife was firm in her response. “You can visit us any time, William.  You are always welcome in our home, and I’d be delighted if you made it a habit to drop by frequently.”  She smiled to reinforce her words.
Tabitha nodded in agreement.  “And if you want to cook something, I don’t think anyone here would complain.”  When her mother looked askance at her, she added, “That was a joke, Mother. Naturally he’s welcome whether he cooks or not.”  She turned back to Will.  “Tell Selene to come with you next time too.  I miss her.”
Didn’t Laina tell her anything?  He glanced at the older sister, and she shook her head negatively, warning him to refrain from getting into that problem.  “I’ll try to do that,” he said, answering Tabitha as honestly as he could.
The baron eased his chair back and stood, stretching his back in a gesture that seemed contrived.  “I’m sure William has a lot to get back to at Wurthaven, and we’ve imposed on his time for long enough.  Can I offer you a ride back to the college?”
Tabitha let out a disappointed groan and her mother glared at the baron.  “He hasn’t been here long, Mark.  Let him stay a while.”
“Oh, I wasn’t trying to hurry him off,” insisted the baron.  “I was merely offering.  It’s up to you, William.”
Will met his father’s eyes.  The man’s eyes reflected seemingly genuine warmth, but he knew the baron was acting for the benefit of his wife.  Will turned to the baroness with an apologetic look.  “I’m truly sorry, Your Excellency, but the baron is correct.  I really must return to school.”
The baroness growled at him.
“Agnes,” Will corrected immediately.
She patted his arm with an affectionate smile.  “That’s better.  If you must return then by all means do so, William.  We won’t keep you, but please do return soon.  My invitation was sincere.”
He felt something warm form in his chest, and to his surprise Will realized he felt a certain fondness for not just his sisters, but the entire family.  It was a wistful sensation, and he replied wholeheartedly, “I would like that, Agnes.  Thank you.”
Tabitha moved in quickly, and before he could react, kissed his cheek.  “Hope to see you soon, Brother!”
Will froze, staring at her.  How does she know?  A glance at his father showed him that the older man was similarly stunned.  Laina merely seemed irritated by the comment, but Agnes rebuked her daughter, “You really are too much, Tabitha!  What will I ever do with you?”
Tabitha laughed.  “We’ve always said Selene was our sister, so if he’s her husband then that makes him our brother-in-law, doesn’t it?”  She winked in Will’s direction.
Hearing her explanation, Will relaxed, but the panic receded only to be replaced by another more difficult emotion.  His vision blurred slightly, and he turned away.  “I really do need to be going.”
The two sisters followed him and their father to the door, and before he could step out, Laina leaned in and said quietly, “Thank you for everything, but please don’t do anything like last night again.  Selene would murder me if anything happened to you because of me.”
He paused and gave her a serious look.  “I thought you didn’t trust me.”
She glared at him.  “Maybe I was wrong.  Truce?”
Will nodded.  “Truce.”
“Don’t follow me again,” she warned.
Having spent a considerable amount of time around the fae, Will circled the question.  “After last night I can’t imagine anyone would be foolish enough to do that again,” he replied.  Then he turned to Tabitha.  “Thank you for your kindness.”  Following Mark Nerrow, he was out the door before Laina could make up her mind whether he had answered her question properly.
Chapter 11
Once they were safely ensconced in the carriage and on their way, the baron gave Will a stern look.  “You seemed rather comfortable with my family.”
The deliberate use of the word ‘my’ stung.  It was true, obviously, but it still hurt, for it clearly delineated the separation between them.  Laina, Tabitha, and Agnes were Mark Nerrow’s family, not Will’s, nor would they ever be.
Will had never really wanted to be connected to his father, but his half-sisters were a different matter.  He hadn’t had any hope to speak of, but his recent stay at their home had filled him with emotions that he still hadn’t sorted out.  He had no idea how to reply.  “You have a splendid family.  Your wife and daughters are delightful.  You must be very proud.”
“Protective,” stressed the baron.  “Someday when you have children you’ll understand.  Fathers are protective before all else.”
“Pardon me, sir,” said Will coldly.  “I never had a father to serve as an example.”
Mark Nerrow’s eyes grew angry for a moment, but he suppressed the feeling.  “You have every cause to be angry with me, William.  I won’t begrudge you that.  If things had been different—”
Will thought the man looked remorseful, and that irritated him even more.  It was your decision, not mine that led us here, he reminded himself.  “But they weren’t,” he interrupted.
“Exactly,” agreed the baron with a sharp, decisive nod.  “I think you realize it’s too dangerous for you to spend time around my family.  Sooner or later the secret will be out, and I won’t risk the problems that would cause my wife and children.”
“You’re worried about your marriage,” said Will.
His father waved a hand dismissively.  “You were born before I met Agnes.  It isn’t as if I was unfaithful.  Still, your existence would be a pain for her, and an uncertainty I would spare her from, not to mention my daughters.”
The lump in Will’s throat was so large he could barely speak.  “I can’t speak for your wife, but don’t you think Laina and Tabitha have a right to know about me?  I am their bro—”
“They’re my children,” snapped the baron.  “It’s my decision—not theirs—not yours.  Mine.”
That remark washed over him like a cold wave.  “I see,” he said noncommittally.
“I’ll expect you to ignore my wife’s invitation.  It’s nothing against you, William, and I am grateful for what you did, but it would be better if you aren’t around them.  Growing attached to them will only complicate things for everyone involved.”
His stomach knotted, and he felt the urge to vomit up the breakfast he had only just finished, but he didn’t give up completely.  “What about Selene?” he asked.  “In the future there will probably be occasions where—”
“When possible, make an excuse,” directed the baron.  “If it’s unavoidable we’ll simply have to make the best of it, but with some effort on your part those events should be rare.  Do you understand?”
“Yes, Your Excellency,” said Will coldly.  “Can you ask your driver to stop?  I’d like to get out.”
“You aren’t upset, are you, William?”
“No, I’m fine,” he lied.
The baron signaled for the driver and gave the order to stop.  As Will stepped out onto the street, he looked back.  The look of relief on Mark Nerrow’s face made him want to slam the carriage door.  “Don’t worry, I’ll stay away from you and your family,” he reiterated, then he walked away.
He made the rest of his way home on foot while his inner turmoil ate at his composure.  By the time he reached his house, he could barely contain it any longer.
Blake was on him the moment he passed through the door.  “Where have you been?  I worried you might be dead when you didn’t return.”
Will paused, holding up a hand.  “I apologize for worrying you.  Things happened.  I’ll explain later, but for now I need to be alone.”
Blake started to argue, but then he saw the look in Will’s eyes and the words died in his mouth.  He stepped back and let Will pass unhindered.
Will managed to reach the top of the stairs before his control began to fail and his chest spasmed.  A single heaving sob escaped his lips as he hurried for the bedroom door.  Once inside, he locked the door and went to the bed where he snatched up one of the pillows and held it against his mouth.
And then, he broke down.  Completely.
The stress and pain of the previous evening played a part, but it wasn’t what drove him to tears.  The trauma of Lognion’s whipping would probably leave mental scars, but it was Mark Nerrow’s rejection that had broken him.  Two days ago, he wouldn’t have cared if the man had told him to stay away from his family.  Now it felt like the end of the world.
Just a tiny bit of kindness from them and I’m undone.
He let his misery run its course, and after a while it emptied itself out, leaving him feeling cold and dead.  What should he do next?  I have to find Tailtiu, and after that…  His mind went blank.  He wanted to make sure Laina was safe.  After that I’ll do whatever is necessary, and Mark Nerrow can be damned if he doesn’t like it.
Opening his mouth, he spoke his grandmother’s name three times and immediately felt a connection.  She was coming.  Many times in the past she had delayed or sent Tailtiu instead when he called, but not this time.  She must know something is wrong, he thought.
That done, he called up the limnthal so he could speak with the ring.  “I have a problem,” he began.
“Nothing new there,” replied Arrogan.  “You were born a problem.”
That hit a little too close to home, and Will was still feeling sensitive.  “I’m not in the mood today.  I need you to listen.”
Something in his tone must have convinced Arrogan, for the ring refrained from making a snappy comeback.  “All right.  Let’s hear it.”
“Tailtiu is missing.”
“Ordinarily I’d tell you to thank your lucky stars, but that sounded ominous.  Explain.”
Will jumped into an involved explanation, beginning with Laina’s first visit to ask for Selene’s help and continuing on until he left the Nerrow household.  He stuck to the facts but left out the effect that some of it had had on him.  When he got to the baron’s farewell, he kept it simple.  “He told me to stay away from his family.”
“That was cold,” remarked the ring.  “I can understand his reasoning, but he certainly made an ass of himself there.”
It felt good to hear his mentor’s agreement, but Will didn’t want to talk about it.  “That’s the least of my worries right now,” he said, wishing he believed it.  “Aislinn is already on her way.  I called her a short while ago.”
“Aislinn, eh?  You don’t shy away from danger, do you?”
“She seems like the one most likely to help.  It’s her daughter after all, and yours too.”
“I’m trying not to think about it in those terms,” said Arrogan.  “If I start down that path I’ll be too upset to offer you any worthwhile advice.  The first question is—”
“Where is she?” cut in Will.
“No, you dumb bastard!  Don’t interrupt me again.  Yes, her location is what you want to know, but it isn’t the first thing to ask, because it isn’t helpful.  You have no goddamn idea where she is.  A better question is—how was she captured?  Along those same lines, when and where was she captured?  Those questions are more manageable, and they will hopefully lead to the next question you should be asking—”
“Which is where she is now,” finished Will.  There was a long pause, and eventually Will asked, “I spoke too soon, didn’t I?”
“Damn right you did, you insufferable fuckwit!  May I finish now?”
“Ah, go ahead.”
“As I was saying, they will hopefully lead to who captured her.  If you’re lucky, the who will lead you to your goal, where.”
“So, what should I do first?”
“Well, I would have probably advised you not to call Aislinn.  She’s going to be too invested, and despite the time and effort she’s put into you, her first priority will be her daughter.”
“We’ll be in agreement then,” said Will.
“No, you won’t,” said the ring harshly.  “Aislinn is fae.  When I say her first priority will be her daughter, I mean that everything else will probably drop way down her list of priorities—including whether or not you continue to breathe.”
“But I want to help her.”
“Good, because she never turns down a good tool,” quipped Arrogan.  “If she isn’t fully convinced of your willingness, she may try to apply additional pressure.”
“Pressure?”
“Threats.  The good news is that she’s precluded from harming you directly because of the accord.  So, the next question is this:  What other sorts of leverage does she have to use?”
“You’re slipping, old man,” said a soft feminine voice from just behind and to Will’s left.  He jerked his head in surprise and saw his grandmother standing there, though as usual, the term grandmother was misleading.  Aislinn looked every bit as young and alluring as her daughter; the main difference was in the maturity and authority she projected.  “You should already know what sort of leverage I have.”
Will barely heard her, for his attention locked on the woman who had been hidden from view by Aislinn.  As his grandmother moved, he got a clear view.  “Selene!”  In her eyes he could see a mixture of emotions—happiness, fatigue, pain, and a warning.  There were dark circles beneath them that underscored the strain of her training.
“Will.”
Selene took a step toward him, but a sharp word from his grandmother brought her up short.  “Stop there.”
Selene looked at the elder fae, hatred smoldering in her gaze, then she lowered her head submissively.  “Mistress, may I?  Please?”
Aislinn looked at Selene first, then Will, her expression speculative.  “I’m not sure you’ve earned it, either of you.”
Will’s eyes narrowed and his anger flared.  “Go to hell.”  Without waiting, he moved to embrace his wife.  To his surprise, Selene stepped back, dodging him, a look of alarm in her eyes as she fearfully looked to his grandmother.  He would have protested, but he was having trouble breathing, for Aislinn’s hand had moved with blinding speed to seize his throat.
He pulled at her hand in vain, but she held him in a grip of iron that only allowed him the bare minimum to continue breathing.  “You aren’t allowed to hurt humans,” he wheezed.  “The accord…”
Aislinn’s lips mocked him as she replied, “I’m well within my rights to defend my property.  Quench my blade with kindness before I’m done firing it and I will end you.”  Contemptuously, she released him with a shove that sent him falling backward.
Coughing, Will pushed himself back up on his hands and knees.  “She isn’t a weapon.”
“She is whatever I wish to make her.  Nor should you assume I was referring only to the useless trash you call your wife.”
“What did you call her?” Will demanded, his anger growing to new heights.
The ring spoke up, interrupting Will’s next angry response. “Don’t let her goad you, Will.  You’ll only make things worse.”
“Arrogan’s memory offers sound advice,” observed the fae lady.  “You would do well to heed the counsel of my gift.”
Thinking hard, Will got to the heart of the matter.  “Why are you like this?  I called you because I want to help Tailtiu.”
Aislinn’s lip curled.  “You’ll have to find your own answers, child, or pay me for them.  The time when I could indulge your whimsical fantasies has passed.  Shall we get to business?”
Will sighed.  “Very well.  Truce until we conclude the discussion and for two hours afterward.  Answer my questions and I will answer yours without deceit or omission.”
His grandmother touched her lip, a pensive look on her features.  “I have been generous in the past, but that seems like a poor bargain for me.  After all, I know far more than you and my answers are similarly more valuable than yours.  Also, any information about where my apprentice has been for the past months is exempt from the discussion.”
That set him back on his heels.  She had never refused that exchange in the past.  Arrogan spoke then.  “If your daughter is taken, or dead, you will need vengeance.  Given that this is the human realm, the culprit is also likely human.  You’ll need a human agent to punish those who have given you offense.  You might consider that before you set the terms for your exchange, Aislinn.  Limited communication might hurt you more than you would gain from extra concessions on Will’s part.”
The fae woman’s eyes lit on the ring for a moment, then an evil smile flickered across her lips.  “A good point, but insufficient.  Perhaps if someone, or something, with greater knowledge were willing to act as collateral for the exchange of questions…”
“Don’t sell me to her, Will,” said the ring quickly.
“You were a gift from her, why would she want you back?”
Aislinn laughed.  “If your ring agrees to answer questions as well, honestly and without omission, that will be enough.  I have no desire to retake the present I gave you.”
“Oh.”  That seemed reasonably fair, but even though the ring was his property and the mind it contained wasn’t really his grandfather, he still couldn’t compel it to honesty.  Unlike the fae, the Ring of Vile and Unspeakable Knowledge was perfectly capable of lying or refusing to answer questions.  “Can you agree to that, Arrogan?”
The ring growled.  “I’m sure I’ll regret it, but it seems like the lesser evil here.  I’ll consent.”
His grandmother rubbed her hands together happily.  “Then we are agreed.  You will—”
“Not quite,” said Will, holding up one hand.  “I was merely obtaining the ring’s consent.  I haven’t given mine.  I think you’re getting too much here, possible aid from me regarding your daughter, plus Arrogan’s knowledge.  I need something more to balance things.”
Aislinn’s eyes flashed.  “What do you desire to add?”
“I’d like a day with my wife.”
“No.”
“But…”
The fae woman shook her head.  “She cannot be left unsupervised for so much time, among other reasons.”
“What other reasons?”
Aislinn sneered.  “Our deal has not yet begun, grandson.  I’ll answer nothing until we have come to terms.”
“Half a day,” he countered.
“Five minutes.”
“Five hours.”
She laughed.  “Still too much.”
“An hour?”
“Half an hour,” she replied.  “I’ll be forced to wait in your world until the time is done.  That is as long as I will remain here.”
“Alone,” he clarified.
“So long as you pledge to abstain from coitus.”
He felt his cheeks coloring.  “We’re married!”
“Your problem, not mine, child.  Are we in agreement?”
Reluctantly, he nodded.  “We are.”
“Then I will begin with a warning.  If my daughter isn’t found and returned safely to me, I will see to it that this city suffers for it.”
The ring cut in.  “That’s a threat with no teeth, Will.  The accord binds her more strongly than iron chains.  The fae are incapable of breaking their word.”
“We are also incapable of lying,” Aislinn reminded them.  “Think about that a moment before you dismiss my threat.”
Anyone who had spent any degree of time dealing with the fae knew that while they couldn’t technically lie, it was often impossible to get the truth from them, much less a simple answer.  Will understood her meaning immediately, as did Arrogan.  She might not be able to directly take vengeance, but she would make certain it happened, one way or another.
“Threatening me won’t help Tailtiu,” he replied.  “It would be more productive—”
The ring interrupted him, “You don’t owe her a damn thing, Will.  Tailtiu’s problem isn’t your fault.”
“She was in service to you at the time,” argued Aislinn.
“For an unbound favor,” said Arrogan quickly.  “Anything, including payment with a life, is permissible to repay such a favor.”
“You sound more like one of the fae than a father whose daughter has been taken,” Aislinn responded sharply.
“I’m not her father.  I’m his memory, and my child died in your womb, eaten by the immortal disease of your realm.  Don’t pretend to be acting based on emotion.  I know your kind better than the stink of my own shit!”
Will met Selene’s eyes for a moment, and she shrugged helplessly.  He could understand her feeling.  Then Aislinn responded, “Colorful as always, you’re right, of course.  My concern is for the debt the child owed me.  If she is not returned, who will pay it?”
Will swallowed, feeling uncertain as he tried to remember the finer points from the book his grandfather had once made him study.  Arrogan responded immediately, “That’s not the boy’s concern!  He isn’t obligated to pay her debts just because she was repaying one of hers to him when she got snatched.”
“Maybe it would be better if we stuck to discussing what we can do,” suggested Will.  “Bickering won’t do Tailtiu any good.”
No one said anything for a moment, then Arrogan said, “He makes a good point.”
Aislinn snorted.  “He has more sense than you ever did.”
“Listen up, you rabid old hag!  I don’t give a damn what you—”
“Arrogan,” interrupted Will.  “It’s you she’s goading now.  Let’s discuss this peaceably.”
“Begin with what you know about her disappearance,” said Aislinn.  “Leave nothing out.”
As he had done for Arrogan, Will laid out everything that had happened over the past several days.  He didn’t really have any reservations about sharing the same information with his grandmother, but he was intensely aware of Selene listening intently.  He did his best to pass over the punishment he had taken, but Aislinn was far too sharp for that.
“Stop,” she ordered.  “Repeat that last part.”
“I negotiated on Laina’s behalf, since he was threatening to have her publicly whipped.  Then the next day I—”
“You negotiated what, exactly?”
“I agreed to answer five questions or take two lashes for each question that I refused to answer,” said Will quickly.  “After that he took the remains of the creature that attacked Laina, and—”
Aislinn held up one hand.  “Don’t force me to remind you that if you violate the terms of our temporary agreement the consequences could be severe.  You promised honesty and completeness.  Has Lognion asked his questions of you?”
Will nodded, his eyes moving to Selene for a second.  She doesn’t need to hear this, he thought desperately.  She had enough trouble without worrying about him.  “Yes, he did.”
“What were the questions, and did you answer?”
“He asked where Selene was, over and over.”
Her eyes narrowed.  “He asked the same question?  I’m assuming that means you refused to answer it.”
“Four times, yes,” said Will.  “But the last time he asked something different by mistake and I told him it counted as the fifth question.”
“What was that question?”
He groaned inwardly.  “Whether I was conscious or not.”  He winced as he heard Selene’s sharp intake of breath and he spoke directly to her.  “It’s not as bad as you think.  It all worked out in the end.”
“You’re speaking with me, William, not my apprentice,” corrected his grandmother.  “Save any words you have for her for when you are alone.  Explain the rest of what happened.  Have you already been whipped?”
She interrogated him for fifteen minutes, leaving no stone unturned, even to the point of having him describe the condition of his flesh afterward.  Selene’s color shifted throughout his answers, going from pale to red with anger, and she was visibly shaking by the time he reached the end.
Arrogan spoke first after Will finished.  “So we have three main possibilities.  The bodyguard that was watching the Nerrow house, the creature that attacked Laina, and the Driven.”
“Lognion would be a fool to jeopardize the accord by destroying or imprisoning one of my people,” said Aislinn.
“If he’s even aware of the accord,” countered the ring.  “Will, have you ever heard him say anything that would indicate how deep his knowledge of the fae is?”
Will shook his head.  “Not that I recall, though he did spot Aislinn’s blessing when he first met me.”  The blessing was a mostly invisible mark that his grandmother had put on him the previous year.  It was meant to facilitate his dealings with the fae, but Lognion had been the only human to notice it thus far.
Aislinn turned to her apprentice.  “Do you know if your father understands the fae, or the ancient accords?”
Selene looked down.  “No, Mistress.  His only words to me on the matter were to avoid them.  The little I learned before being taken under your wing was from my studies at Wurthaven.  I wouldn’t underestimate his knowledge, though.”
“The Arkeshi still teach their disciples regarding the fae and the accord,” supplied Arrogan.  “So, the assassin might have been capable of dealing with Tailtiu if she was of a mind to do so.”
Arkeshi, was that what Lognion called Darla?  Will couldn’t remember for certain.  “The Arkeshi, what are they?”
He could see that Selene was dying to speak, but Aislinn continued to ignore her and answered him instead, “An old cult from Faresh.  Fanatical assassins who serve the Great Khan.  Although their religious beliefs are ridiculous, their practical skills are some of the best to be found among humans in this day and age.”
“I don’t think it was Darla, though,” Will stated, feeling a certain amount of conviction.  “My misunderstanding, her actions, all of it—I really think she’s sincerely acting as Laina’s bodyguard.”
Aislinn arched her brow.  “And a bodyguard wouldn’t attempt to remove a dangerous fae shadowing her master?”
He shrugged.  “I suppose it’s possible, but she’s working alone.  The king’s Driven seem more likely.  What are they capable of?”
The ring remained silent, and his grandmother turned to Selene.  “Speak, apprentice.  You know your father’s servants.  What are these men of his like?”
“Utterly devoted,” answered Selene.  “They’re recruited from the army and trained for absolute loyalty.  They act as a sort of secret police, personal enforcers, and as an elite guard for the king.  None of them come from the nobility, but Father gives them up to as many as four elementals, depending on their service.  Unlike most, he makes certain they are trained for combat, physical and magical.”
“In your opinion, could they kill or capture one of the fae?”
Selene looked thoughtful.  “If they were prepared for the task, there’s little they couldn’t accomplish.”
“You’re all ignoring the creature that appeared in the middle of it all,” said Will.  “It was after Laina.  It seems obvious that she hired Darla to protect her from whatever it was.  The king was probably hunting it too.”
Selene straightened.  “Then he should have warned the baron.”
“Maybe he did,” agreed Will.  “Maybe that’s why she had an Arkeshi for a guard, or maybe he decided to use her as bait without telling her.”  He thought about it for a moment.  “No, that doesn’t make sense, either.  If he warned her then why would he have been angry about Darla?”
“The sick bastard probably just wanted a reason to torture you,” offered Arrogan.
“You might be right about that,” said Will.  “But he had to confirm Darla’s identity, so I’m sure he didn’t know for certain who she was.”
After a few more minutes of rehashing what little they knew, Aislinn made a suggestion.  “I’d like to speak to the ring alone, William.  Will you give your consent?”
“Why?”
“You and Selene are too inexperienced to provide much more input here.  It will go faster if he and I speak directly.  At the same time, some of the subjects we will cover are too far beyond your experience and would create questions and distractions you cannot afford at this time.”
Shut up, the adults want to talk, he thought to himself.  A glance in Selene’s direction confirmed that she was equally annoyed by the idea.  “I don’t mind, but—”
As soon as he had agreed, a source-link shot out from Aislinn and connected to both him and Selene.  Over the past year he had come to take for granted the fact that no one he encountered had the strength and discipline to do what Arrogan had done to him routinely while he was apprenticed.  His grandmother disabused him of the notion that he might be able to resist her with blinding speed.  The connection was made, and his body put into a soft paralysis, in almost the same instant.
He thought of it as a ‘soft’ paralysis because his body first went weak, allowing him to sink to the floor before he completely lost all voluntary movement.  From the corner of his eye he could see Selene sagging to the floor as well, but then his senses vanished and he was left deaf, blind, and dumb.  Or as Grandfather would say, deaf and blind were added to my usual qualities, he thought dryly.
His limnthal had to remain active for the ring to speak, but Will was no longer able to connect to his turyn, so he had no idea if that was the case.  He was sealed in a black void and simply had to trust that his grandmother knew what she was doing.
Considering her hostile attitude when she arrived, he didn’t feel inclined to trust her, and shivers of fear began to disturb the tiny void his consciousness was trapped within.  It grew stronger, and after an unknown eternity he wanted to scream, but of course he couldn’t.  In desperation, he tried to escape in the only way he knew how.  Inverting his instincts, he focused and tried to pull himself out, imagining Aislinn in the room just a few feet away.
He had failed the last time he tried, but sensory deprivation—or perhaps it was the fear—gave him the extra push he needed.  With an odd popping sensation, his perspective left the senseless void, and he found himself floating in the air just behind Aislinn.  She was holding his hand in hers, the limnthal glowing above it.
“You know what that thing must be,” she said.
“They’re supposed to be gone, but you’re probably right,” answered Arrogan’s disembodied voice.  “Either a few escaped or Grim Talek recreated them.”
“We should have destroyed the lich when we had the chance,” she responded, anger tainting her voice.  “But you—”
“We weren’t strong enough to risk it.”
“The hell we weren’t!”
“Not safely.  I couldn’t bear the thought of you—”
“You were weak, and now your attempt to protect me back then has left the current generation vulnerable.”
Arrogan’s voice was bitter as he replied, “I was human!  We both were, in case you’ve forgotten what that’s like.  I’m starting to think I’m lucky to be a piece of jewelry, rather than an emotionless monster like you’ve become.”
“I still have emotions; they’ve just been refined.”
“Down to anger, lust, and greed.  It’s a miracle you’re able to keep your promise still.”
“As if I have a choice,” she answered.  “It’s the foundation of what the fae are.  I couldn’t break it if I wanted.”
“And do you?”
There was a long pause.  “Do I wish I could break it?” she clarified hesitantly.
“Yes.”
The woman known to many as the goddess of magic sighed.  “I’m not sure.  It’s hard to remember who I was anymore.  Not the details, but the feelings.  You have no idea what it’s like.  The absolute hunger of pure desires.  Sometimes I just want to destroy everything, myself included, but not before I put an end to them…”
“Them being our enemies, or our students?”
