
*****************************************************
*****************************************************
Your ebook has decrypted.
The TXT file just save 20% of ebook content.
Please register the software, then get all contents and the valid ebook format.
*****************************************************
*****************************************************


    Arsenal
Artorian’s Archives Book Four
Dennis Vanderkerken
Dakota Krout
Copyright © 2020 by Mountaindale Press
All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems, without written permission from the publisher, except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, businesses, companies, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Contents
Acknowledgments
Newsletter
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Chapter 50
Chapter 51
Chapter 52
Epilogue
Afterword
About Dennis Vanderkerken
About Dakota Krout
About Mountaindale Press
Mountaindale Press Titles
Appendix
Acknowledgments
From Dennis:
There are many people who have made this book possible. First is Dakota himself, for without whom this entire series would never have come about. In addition to letting me write in his universe, he has taken it upon himself to edit and keep straight all the madness for which I am responsible, with resulting hilarity therein.
A thank you to my late grandfather, after whom a significant chunk of Artorian’s personality is indebted. He was a man of mighty strides, and is missed dearly.
A special thank you to my parents, for being ever supportive in my odd endeavors, Mountaindale Press for being a fantastic publisher, Jess for keeping us all on task, and all the fans of Artorian’s Archives, Divine Dungeon, and Completionist Chronicles who are responsible for the popularity for this to come to pass. May your affinity channels be strong, and plentiful!
Last of all, thank you. Thank you for picking this up and giving it a read. Arsenal is the continuation of a multi-book series, and I dearly hope you will enjoy them as the story keeps progressing. Artorian’s Archives may start before Divine Dungeon, but don’t worry! It’s going all the way past the end of Completionist Chronicles! So if you liked this, keep an eye out for more things from Mountaindale Press!
Newsletter
Don’t miss out on future releases! Sign up for the Mountaindale Press newsletter to stay up to date. And as always, thank you for your support! You are the reason we’re able to bring these stories to life.
Prologue
Deverash Neverdash the Dashingly Dapper, Gnome Extraordinaire, didn’t need to breathe. At least, that was the impression he gave Artorian after the Gnome serenaded him with a full seven hours of uninterrupted history, arithmetic, social studies, and the kind of academic rhetoric that would have those who wrote dictionaries look up terms in their own book.
Dimi the giant merchant Dwarf had come to check on Artorian, who was still physically recovering. However, upon getting close enough to hear the Gnome chatter with an awake and attentive Artorian, Dimi threw away all concerns for the old man without the slightest hesitation. Dimi wasn’t dealing with that! Not again! His ears still had a high-pitched whine stuck in them, and he didn’t have the mental might for more of what that tiny windbag had to say. The old man was fi~i~ine. Potions hadn’t been needed for a full week and a half as the caravan traveled.
The endless plains of Morovia were dotted with bluegrass so tall, they completely obscured Dimi if he waded a few feet into the foliage. Given that they knew predators were about, Dimi wasn’t keen on walking into a potential deathtrap very often. One liger had been enough. That abyssal thing had been the size of one of their carts. Sure, they fought it off… the problem was that it was still alive, and had gone to find easier prey.
For Dimi, staying on guard against a roving fanged beast that could fight an entire caravan of Dwarves was still preferable to a minute around that babbling Gnome. If it wasn’t for their Don’s insistence that the pint-sized genius came along, they would have tried to use him as bait. With barely a whisper of noise, Dimi vanished from the area.
Artorian propped himself up against a bunched-up blanket. He couldn’t move all that well; any twists to his midriff sent searing pangs of stabbing pain up his spine. He folded his hands in his lap, and listened to Dev gush like he hadn’t spoken to someone who could understand him in a hundred years. Topics were rampantly changing without warning, and tangents were so frequent, they were established as the norm.
“Dev?”
Artorian spoke, and the dapper lecturer stumbled over his words, realizing the academic wanted to ask a question of him. The elderly Gnome was giddy about the prospect, patiently waiting as he read Artorian’s face like a book, which told the story of him neatly filing recent information into a well-organized mental flowchart.
“To make sure I understand you correctly, because I believe I’ve misheard, the Gnomes are a ‘broken’ race, and have gone into hiding? We veered off a few times, and you’ve handed me so much information to work with that I'm no longer certain which topics you meant to inform me upon. Break it down with me?”
Dev the Dashing pressed a hand to his snazzy, fashionable suit. Artorian could see the microcosm of gears spin wildly behind those eyes as the Gnome revved up to correct him.
Artorian hid his smirk; there was rarely a better method for gaining correct information than to purposefully get something wrong. The information flowed like a river, twisting, turning, and diverting, though Artorian could see he was getting Dev’s information out of order. In his opinion, there existed a vast network of ‘correctness’ in the Gnome’s mind. Dev had to give the correct information; something out of place was simply not allowed, just like that meticulously maintained outfit.
“Hiding? No! If only we Gnomes were so lucky as to hide. Let me rewind a few hours in our conversation, to when we were speaking of the downfall. You remember that the fellow named ‘Xenocide’ got his name by fully removing multiple races?”
Artorian nodded, following the words easily.
“Well, has it ever seemed odd that a large scattering of Gnomish craftwork can be found laying around, yet you don’t encounter any intelligent Gnomes?”
Artorian nodded again. “I see where this is going, but… why? Why would he destroy the Gnomes?”
Deverash scowled as much as a Gnomish face could. “Back during the Silver Age, the Gnomish empires meddled in things beyond their comprehension. It resulted in the discovery of what came to be called ‘The Whispers’. Gnomes afflicted with the whispers began to make crafts so ingenious, so mad, so out of this world, that they became the objects of great jealousy. Nearly all Gnomes adapted their minds to be able to take in the whispers, and we made creations both majestic and terrible.”
Dev folded his hands, needing to pause. Not to take a breath, but to steel himself. “Then, after the turn of the age, he came. I’m not certain how much later, only that the Elves had broken by then. The madman arrived one night, angry that we had stolen from him. We didn’t understand, of course. We were creators; we didn’t steal. It mattered not. He reached into our minds and extracted ‘his whispers’ from the entirety of the race, in the span of a single night. We don’t know how he did it, only that the process was lethal. None who had The Whispers survived.”
“All our weapons failed against him. Our enchanted war machines were ignored, our ingenious machinations were reduced to rubble, our best Essence techniques were scattered. They all became ineffective in the wake of his rampage as he destroyed our works and stole our ingenuity. We call it ‘The Night of Mediocrity’… though I don’t believe there are any records left to reflect the loss.”
The Gnome noticed the accusatory finger that Artorian pointed at him with a squeezed brow. “Ah. Myself… How did I live? I remember the debasing of my race, but I was the odd c’towl out. I never took ‘The Whispers’, as I was never good at crafting in the first place. Inventing was a weakness I could not overcome, and when my turn to hand over ‘The Whispers’ came… rather than take anything from me, he gave me the memories of those that had been lost. Just for his amusement, just to see if it would drive me mad. I disappointed him twice that day. Information storage was the only thing I was ever truly good at, and the only thing I could do for my people was remember.”
Dev looked wistfully out of the loose tent flap of the cart, letting sunbeams coat his face. “So, unlike what’s left of the degenerate feral Gnomes that the Dwarves encountered in the forest, I still remember. I remember the breaking of the Gnomish. The breaking of the Orkharn, the giants of stone, and the last siren’s song. All of the peoples that contributed to Xenocide’s namesake that none of the humanoid races even knew of.”
The Gnome ground his hands into his face to break himself away from the downward spiral of those thoughts. Those memories were taxing, and not always entirely his own.
Don poked his head into the cart to inspect the suddenly silent space. “Ello’ there! Good to see you awake, longbeard. Been hoping you'd be back with us sooner rather than later. Ain’t making much headway in Morovia. You able to lend yer expertise?”
Artorian weakly waggled his hand left to right, and extended a finger to the Gnome. “My thanks for an excellent conversation, my good man. Shall we pick this back up later?”
Deverash straightened his back, and took the offered finger in a strong grip. “Certainly, my good sir. I believe I am due for a rest, and wish you the best with your tasks.”
Don crawled into the cart when it was apparent that they’d wrapped up, and helped the old man ease out of it. Artorian needed to lean on Modsognir’s incredibly broad and stable shoulder. His eyes squeezed half-closed against the sun's glare as he took in details of the place that, long ago, used to be his homeland. “Looks about as wild and unruly as I remember. What’s the hiccup, brother?”
Don beamed at the mention; it was about ruttin’ time the old beard started using familial terms! His news was less than pleasant, even if his mood was momentarily sunny. “Short of it? We’re good and lost. Landscape looks the same no matter where we look, and even though we’re guided by stars, it feels like we ain't actually making any headway. We should have been in the Socorro by now, but we ain't seen a lick of sand yet. I can’t keep the family calm about it. We all know where we should be, an’ we ain't there.”
Artorian’s foot thunked against something as they made their way to the front cart. Since he could not bend down, he extended his Presence to include the object. Solidifying a sheet of light, he elevated and snatched the glimmering thing while walking by. Don raised a brow at him. “Since when can ye make objects come to ye?”
The old man shook his head in the negative, stifling a small laugh as he let his brother in on the secret. “I cannot! On the other hand, coating an object in Essence I can freely manipulate is something I can easily do. I considered coating a sword in the future, just to see if I could stand on it and fly around.”
They shared a pleasant laugh at the absurdity of the thought before Artorian inspected the rectangular stone. Don peered at the shape, but didn’t think much of it. “What’s that supposed to be?”
Artorian turned it over, observing a script carved into the rectangular artifact. “This used to be currency in Morovia, back when Sects were still the reigning lords of the region. Before the big purge and fall to the new currency denominations of copper, silver, and gold, this was what people used to buy and sell their goods. It’s called a Li, and this had a value of ‘one’. A Lun and Lao may likely be lying around as well.”
The Modsognir helped the human onto the front of the main cart, so the caravan could be better directed by someone who had at least spent time in the region. “Haven’t seen a soul in the few weeks we’ve been trudging through the bluegrass. Some wildlife, and that’s it. Don't know what these ‘sects’ yer talking about are. Not exactly mentioned in the history books, which is odd given ye can’t be more than… what? Seventy? Dwarven records go back a long, long ways.”
Artorian sidled into place as Don sat down next to him, already counting on his fingers. “Twelve years in Morovia. Easily ten in Skyspear. Give or take six in the Phoenix Kingdom. Four in the wilds. Three in Socorro. Fifteen in The Fringe. That’s my pre-cultivator days. Then three in The Fringe again while I was bedridden. One plus four… five in the grove, which is where you met me. Five to become Skyspear headmaster, five to recover from the Echo. Two until the inquisition, Astrea, and C-rank. Another three before the trip to Gran’mama, which took an extra one… Couple weeks to a few seasons of missing time, and we’ll round it out to seventy-ish. Yes.”
Don cleared his throat as he scratched at his beard. “Seventy-four. Yer tryin’ to make yourself younger by cutting it short? Don’t think ah didn’t catch that, ya weasel.”
The wounded academic mumbled under his breath, a hand sliding in his robe to feel his wounds. He winced, and felt what must be stitches. It hurt to breathe if he wasn’t keeping a proper posture, and that injury felt like a pretty massive gash when he so much as turned his head wrong. Don noticed, and also winced before looking away.
“Listen… brother. Ye… ye were pretty banged up when we got ya. Dimi did his best with what he had, but it ain’t gonna patch necrosis, corruption, and chunks of body that the venom ate away. You’re easily looking at a decade of recovery, and I’m not even talking about yer cultivation. Dev told us what he had to do to make sure ye didn’t flop dead on us. Oddly enough, an Essence webway is something I’ve heard of before. It doesn’t come recommended, but smashing it is considered worse.”
*Phah.*
Artorian crossed his arms, letting the injuries rest. “I’ve had worse... just have to find a spot where I can keep my head down. While I’d prefer to do that at the Skyspear… well. The remnants of any of the orthodox sects will do just fine.
“The people may all be gone, but the ruins should remain. If we can locate an estate, household, or guidestone, we’ll be sorted faster than you might think. Though that’s not helpful if you don’t know what to look for. You said I’ve been out for weeks? Have you seen any of the following; a stone pillar with a piece of cloth tied at the top, a stone lantern, a stone path of any sort, or ruins with rounded doors. Also, what kind of tree is the most common?”
Don scratched the side of his head. None of those sounded familiar. “I’ll have to go with the tree one. Ain’t seen the rest. Not a single stack of rocks either. It’s been Camphor mostly, though they’re sparse. Wouldn’t call it common. More bluegrass than horizon for the most of it, and we’ve had a wee encounter with wildlife.”
The Dwarf watched the old man fuss at himself, until the geezer came to a conclusion. He eventually turned to the Dwarf with a serious gaze.
“I’ve got good news, and bad news.”
Chapter One
Don Modsognir slowly thunked his head into the side of his caravan after Artorian had told him what he knew. “Too far? How did we go too far!”
Dimi rolled on the ground shaking with laughter. He flattened a lot of grass, but didn’t care in the slightest. His ribs already hurt from uncontrollable giggles. “I told you we were in the desert already!”
The Modsognir head kicked the wheel of his cart a little too hard, cursed at himself, and held his foot while hopping on the other. “How in pyrite was I supposed to know that bluegrass can grow on anything! I thought deserts expanded, not shrunk!”
A heavy fist hammered the ground again, Dimi hiccuping before another round of giggles helplessly spilled forth. The rest of the nearby clan Dwarves managed to turn their smiles into scowls. They couldn’t get away with laughing at their leader without starting a brawl, and they didn’t have enough brandy for it. What good were carts weighed down with gold if you couldn't spend it on anything? The massive amount of coin was slowing them down, but they were Dwarves! They couldn’t just… ditch it.
“An’ you! Why are you hummin’ like this ain’t yer problem?” Don stabilized and leveled a thick finger at the seated human, who was softly humming to himself with his eyes closed.
Artorian peeked an eye open, realizing he’d been addressed. “Hmmm? Oh. I just found out I can echolocate through bluegrass and see shapes. They’re more like… outlines? Shapes inside of shapes. Interesting cultivation concepts.”
Don’s hand dropped, brushing dangerously close to his bearded axe. His ire was rising, and his face was getting hot. “That’s supposed to do what for us, longbeard?”
The old man mildly shrugged and pointed at a heavy patch of the fifteen-foot tall wall of grass. “Well, I found that liger you ticked off, for starters. It’s a big one, too. Definitely bigger than the last one I dropped in on, so likely a female. It’s alone, which is normal for a creature with that much muscle mass. It doesn’t seem to have realized I’ve noticed it. Humming is surprisingly useful for hiding an Essence effect. A little wind and water, and wham! If it occupies space, I can see it.”
The bearded axes were brought out as Dwarves pressed backs against the caravan. Their weapons were leveled in the direction the old man had pointed, even if they couldn’t actually see anything through the weaving mess of blues. Dimi’s laughter stopped, and a double-bladed axe appeared in each hand.
“Aren’t those things supposed to be held with two hands each?”
Artorian was softly hushed by the large Dwarf, who asked a simple question, “Are you sure?”
“Pretty sure they are called two-handed axes.” Artorian rubbed his chin as his reply incited various eye-rolling around him. He knew what they were really asking. “Want me to stir her up a bit? I think you’ll see her if she suddenly moves.”
The human silenced himself as the joint weight of dozens of angry stares made him feel the need to go for his water canteen and gulp down a drink. Don grumbled and stowed his axe, pulling himself up the front of the cart to sit next to the scholar. “Alright, I’ll bite. Why ain't it attacking?”
The academic was a little confused. Wasn’t that obvious? No, best not to start down that route of thought. Knowledge was not universal. Strive to inform, not pass judgement. “Morovian saber-tooth ligers are solitary, unless it’s the season for… ahem… making more of them. They’re massive, strong, agile, and tend to rely on their initial strike to kill so they can run off with prey. They hunt pack animals, and usually target the slowest. It’s stalking us because, as far as I can deduce, we look like a pack.”
He scratched his chin. “I believe it has no idea what the caravans are, but boars smell like boars, and Dwarves smell like meat. You’ve had a run-in before, so it knows you can fight back. It’s stalking us to catch whoever falters. It will then vanish with them, with minimal energy expended. A critter that massive needs to eat a very large amount to stay alive, which actually brings me to why it’s not the liger we should be worried about.”
The Dwarves, who had all looked away to the patch of blue danger, slowly shifted their view back in the direction of the longbeard, who spoke with such nonchalance that, for a moment, they couldn’t tell if it was really the liger that needed axing.
“Explain?”
Artorian wondered how to broach the topic, stroking his hand down his beard before speaking. “How to best… alright. So, you all notice the bluegrass; I can assume that with certainty. I’m also sure you all know that most pack animals tend to be grazers, meaning that they eat the local ferns, foliage, and what we’d normally call ‘greenery’, which is blue in this case. The main problems for most creatures living in the wild are food availability, space, and safety. For a grazer, the amount of food available in Morovia is… well, I’m sure you can guess. There’s lots of wide open space, and few trees, so the best way to ensure safety is…”
Deverash shot his hand into the air excitedly, having joined the conversation near the Dwarves’ feet. Artorian pointed at the Gnome like a student in a class, who was overjoyed to answer. “You become colossal!”
The scholar nodded proudly. “Got it in one!”
Realizing the danger wasn’t quite as imminent as they thought, a good majority of the Dwarven caravan stowed their weapons, but were cautious to not become an outlier. No one wanted to vanish into the bluegrass. Military order was quickly reestablished for the sake of spacing and watching one another’s backs. Travel was less secure when you knew you were being stalked, but the issue could be compensated for.
Don drummed his fingers on his upper arm. “Coal and soot! Ye be lyin! We ain't seen any colossal creatures, any more than we’ve seen a copse of trees. A few birds at best, and some rodents, one caravan-sized liger, and thassit. We couldn’t have missed somethin’ as big as you’re describing.”
Deverash and Artorian shared a knowing little smile, infuriating the family head. Don was turning a little red, so Artorian decided to explain further. “Tell me, my friend, when you eat a grand meal, what do you do right after?”
The Modsognir grumbled, bouncing in his seat from vigorously throwing his head back and forth, sick and tired of these two academics toying with him. “I sleep for days and wake up to have some brandy! What’s the big d…”
The two academics shared an aerial-high-five from a distance as Don connected the dots and finally understood. “They eat so much that more desert gets made, then sleep for weeks and weeks while the aggressive bluegrass regrows itself? Really, though, we ain't seen a thing. Don’t tell me they all wake up at once?”
Deverash hopped up on the front of the cart with them. “Wouldn’t that be the safest thing to do for pack animals? More is better, even when it’s not your family. Artorian, what kind of animals can we expect to wake up?”
The human in question blocked the sun with a hand and peered into the distance. “Rous, deer, sheep, goats, grasshoppers.”
The Gnome paused a moment. “I don’t believe I know that first one.”
Artorian broke it apart for him. “Acronym. It’s the name we used for anything that was a ‘rodent of unusual size’. We could never tell them apart, but when one the size of a house comes for your cheese… well, it's better to run.”
Deverash broke down laughing, but the Dwarf next to him wasn’t amused. “Well we’ve seen nothing for weeks; that can’t mean good things. We need shelter, and fast. You’ve drained my patience. I need a direction. If we keep going toward the desert, or where it should have been, we’re going to run into more open territory. That’s not great for us. I loathe the idea that something might step on me and not even notice. Brother, I’ve gathered this place used to be your homeland. If people lived here, that means they had places they lived. Is there anything other than what you mentioned before that we can look for?”
Artorian scratched the side of his excessive beard, thinking it over. He hadn’t left under the best circumstances, and he’d been young. His memory of this place wasn’t stellar. “Not unless you can get me a whole lot of altitude. I don’t have the Essence to jump, air step, or walk on solid light; even with my tricks. Most of what I have in me is active to keep me steady, and I’m not risking an Aura while we’re on the run. I’m awfully easy to find if someone knows what to look for.”
Don threw his hands up in the air. “You were playing with echolocation just a wee bit ago!”
Artorian leaned back, angling away from his brother while half-whining like a petulant child. “I was bo~o~ored!”
Fuming, the Dwarf threw hands at the old man, trying to slap him upside the head for doing this to him. His palm hit a solid piece of light with a *Dongg.* Don blinked. “Wh… what in pyrite did I just hit? Felt like a gong, but there was nothing there.”
The human waved a hand, and a roughly egg-shaped coating gained visibility around him. “Hard-light shield. I have it up fairly often, mostly to keep the bugs out. I’ve got more to worry about against physical threats than I do Essence ones, I’ve found. So, I’m practicing. It’s not costing me anything to keep it so small.”
Deverash was interested, and in an instant was up on his feet and prodding at the shield. He seemed to have no issues tearing chunks right out of it, but the hard-light dissolved into Essence in his hands and returned to Artorian’s slightly expanded Presence.
“This is amazing! I mean, it’s ridiculous by any standard, and whatever you’re doing with your Aura is nonsensical, but amazing!”
Dimi leaned against the side of the cart, and some of the clan still lingered to remain within earshot of the conversation. Don just rubbed at his forehead to knead away the confusion and frustration while his massive Dwarven brother asked a question. “Aura? That’s C-ranked stuff. We know what that is, but I don’t think I’m on board here. He’s currently not using Aura, we’re not being covered in an effect.”
The Gnome looked up at the human, who slightly hiked his shoulders up. “You mind explaining?”
Artorian pondered for a second, and didn’t see the harm. “Don’t see why not. I’m not sure you’ll be able to replicate what I’m doing, but I can at least show you. Do you have a rock, or a board, or something I can hold up?”
One of the Modsognir Dwarves procured a plank, and Artorian took it for his lecture. “Some of you are C-rankers, and you’ve already learned that Aura is known as an effect that radiates outwards from you, affecting things around you indiscriminately. You can pull it in to just coat yourself in effects, and my theory is that it would be great for camouflage or something. The effect created is entirely dependent on the Essence invested into your Aura, but I've found some peculiarities after testing a few things that didn’t make sense.”
He held up the board. “In my Aura, I have fire, air, water, and celestial Essence stored. Please save the surprise; it’s long out of style. Don, I believe you had earth and fire? Could you ping this board with a small dollop of flame?”
Don smiled ear to ear, his teeth showing as a ball of fire *fwooshed* into his hand. “Sure!”
The human realized this was a terrible idea, and looked away from the plank as the fire struck it and went off like a firecracker. Artorian dropped the plank and flapped his hand around, blowing on it. “Ouch! That was unnecessary!”
Don sneered at his discomfort. “That was cathartic! Now tell me what that was supposed to prove.”
Grumbling, Artorian squeezed his hand a few times and picked the wooden board back up. He eased it back into place, and pointed at the damage.
“I was holding this plank inside the radius of my Aura. As you can see, the fire passed through my Aura without doing anything to the fire or the plank; even though I have fire Essence stored in my Aura. What’s odd about this?”
Dev had his hand up, but didn’t wait to be addressed, since nobody else did. “It should have activated as a shielding, with like canceling like.”
Shifting comfortably back to teaching mode, Artorian happily nodded. “Correct! Well done, my friend. Shielding did not activate, because I did not consider the Essence in my Aura to be shielding. I didn’t assign it a use, and it remains a storage platform which allows Essence to move through undisturbed. Now, let's do that again. Twice more. I’ll show you something neat the second time.”
Don tossed a fire pebble at the wooden plank again. This time, it didn’t reach the plank and discharged a few inches away from the board. The Essence effect of pure fire struck equal amounts of fire shielding, which meant the flame-coated pebble launched back. Don caught it easily. “All right, that’s about what I expected.”
Dev sat cross-legged, studying while adjusting his fancy, strange goggles. “Intriguing! You didn’t use Aura for that, but as far as I could tell, it was an Auric function… my curiosity grows!”
With a hand motion, Artorian signaled for Don to toss the pebble again. The ball of fire arced towards the plank, but soundlessly fizzled out before ever reaching it. The Gnome jerked his goggles off, squinting with a disbelieving stare. “What… just happened? I was expecting you to use water Essence to cancel the fire out, but it just fizzled into nothingness!”
Don shrugged. He didn’t know any more than the Gnome did. He kicked at some grass after hopping from the front of the cart. “Lost me pebble.”
Artorian shuffled carefully off the cart behind him. “Oh, come now, it was just a little bit of Esse-eee…!”
A sandstone pillar easily three or four feet in diameter dislodged from the ground, shooting straight upward, with Artorian plastered on top of it as the pillar rose toward the sky. Don wore a satisfied smirk, arms crossed as he kept his left foot solidly planted on the ground; he was evidently quite pleased with his carefully administered, harmless, cathartic revenge.
“How’s that for altitude, Mr. Attitude!”
Chapter Two
Artorian watched the clouds drift. He laid flat on his back on a pillar so tall that everything below looked like dots. It wasn’t so bad, he supposed. That’s what he got for toying with Dwarven patience. They’d be good with each other when Don could be convinced to let him back down. Until then, he had one beautiful view.
“He’s quite upset, you know.”
Artorian sat up with a grunt. Had he just heard Dev speak? He was up… who knew how high. Just to be sure he wasn’t hallucinating, he looked around. To his surprise, the Gnome was walking calmly, without a hint of concern, up the side of the pillar, as if gravity didn’t matter. “Is it my turn to question… how?”
Deverash shrugged, wiping some rough sandstone particles from his pristine dapper outfit. “What satisfies the conditions which permit a creature to live for uncountable centuries, can’t get tossed by Dwarves, alters someone else's cultivation without doing harm to the majority of it, and I suppose, can walk up the side of a sandstone pillar? Honestly, the craftwork on this pattern is exquisite; he has superb Essence control. This isn’t going to topple if that man doesn’t want it to.”
The C-ranker sighed and rubbed his temples with his thumbs. “An Ascended, if I’m using terminology from your age correctly? I didn’t notice in the slightest that you were a Mage. My apologies, Dev. That slipped by me.”
Deverash sat on the edge after reaching the top, performing a tiny hop. “Hup. All is well, my friend. You judge people differently when you’re my size. Tell you what: I won’t say anything about it, if you’d tell me how you managed to have a Mage’s Presence ability without being one. That’s tearing your mind away from the space your body occupies. C-rankers… abyss, non-Mages... shouldn’t do that. Yet, you seem fine. Actually, perhaps there’s no need. I think I can deduce that one. Instead, why did you absorb that mini-technique of fire? From the stories I’ve heard, you were a decently leveled C-ranker, but your reserves are solidly D-rank. Taking in Essence attuned by another, while an interesting trick, is terribly dangerous, even for Mages.”
Artorian explained himself to the Gnome, opening up to the tiny man with a grand mind by sharing about Ember, meeting Wood Elves, Blight, and years of technique practice in Skyspear ending up fruitless. Some of the story brought out a sardonic tone as he recounted it. Now that he was going over the history, he didn’t believe some parts of it himself. Artorian was so off-base where cultivation was concerned, and there was so little guidance that getting stuck was just the soup of the day.
The elder Gnome patiently listened to it all, delighting in story and history as it was recounted from a primary source. “I see. Well, so long as you can discern what affinities are at play, absorption seems safe. Shame about the corruption threat, and equal shame about hearing that your techniques aren’t panning out. What’s the problem there? From what I saw of your Core, you can uphold complex thoughts like a jester rolls a coin between their fingers.”
Artorian ran a piece of cloth over his sweating bald head, cleaning his face with some water from the canteen and a spare rag. “Abyss, it’s bright up here. If I had the luxury to cultivate, this would be ideal. Alas, my friend, the techniques escape me because… I’m not sure. Perhaps you would know better when I lay out my thoughts, and can point at what I’m lacking.”
Deverash crossed his arms, and beamed at the human with a level of delight that would brighten the day of even the most stoic High Elf. “So we’re talking about what I’m good at now? Well, lay it on me!”
The human snickered, but he had to appreciate the unburdened confidence the little Gnome exuded. Did being a Mage have anything to do with that? Perhaps not the time for that question. “So when I ask, people immediately rush to me with answers of: ‘Oh, well, are you adding the right units’ or ‘are you holding the pattern correctly,’ or ‘well, are you doing the motions in the correct order’?”
Artorian grumbled. “They default to asking about styles, and what teaching method I fall under, and what region I’ve adopted my thematic ideas from. All so they can get their vellum together and sketch out what I’m supposedly doing wrong.” He pulled a piece of paper from his satchel, and unfurled it.
“Most people begin their attempts with enchantments, the temporary patterns that have an effect on the universe. If they can turn one into an Inscription, a permanent pattern on the world, then they have something they know that works. As intended, every time it is intended, always with the exact same results.”
His finger traced some lines on the paper. “A set pattern, with set Essence, designed in set, specific, and particular ways, for a set, specific effect. This is how everyone seems to try and quantify Essence. This is important, because they measure using their bodies. Their pools and maximums, their thresholds and limits.”
The piece of paper was folded back up and stowed as the old man sighed. “I can’t grasp them. The absolutism of an Inscription. It’s… it's the complete opposite of how I think and function. I think with fluidity, like a thundercloud that sparks and comes to a solution through different means each time. I don’t use my body to measure, I use my Aura directly. Thus I am not limited to the normal ebbs and flows, the barriers one would normally consider.”
He wound his hands together, weaving an intricate pattern with his fingers as he drew the light pattern outline of a butterfly in the air. “I... I shape, fuel, intend, and let go. I do not squeeze juice into the mold of a pattern, and do not find it comfortable to do so. I move my Essence as it was intended to, as it desires. It seeks to be given identity and purpose, then be let loose upon the world. The freedom gives unique properties to the effects I produce and create. They can be altered, shuttered, skewed, and bent with limited difficulty.”
Deverash squeezed his tiny moustache, listening with rapt attention as Artorian wandered with his speech, losing track of where the human’s explanation was going. The Gnome butted in, “Let me guess. The result of your variant of creating effects upon the world, while brimming with utility, is also brimming with cost.”
Artorian flopped onto his back, groaning in pain as he’d momentarily forgotten about the abyssal cobra-bite wound. “Got it in one again.”
The clever Gnome stood and stretched his arms above his head. “The functions of Presence, as you’re using it, would allow for the easy re-absorption of any wasted energy present, if not the outright recouping of the intended effect as a whole. Minus the cost of what the effect has used so far of its invested energy pool! Given that I saw you absorb the fire-pebble, I’d say techniques or enchantments that lack certain aspects are subject to this as well. If those aspects can be discovered, I think you’ve re-discovered a toy that some of the more potent cultivators back in the day might have had. A shame you don’t have all the affinity channels, or you’d have been a true terror.”
A thumbs-up was pushed skywards by the reclining human. “If only, right? I’d have no idea how to continue cultivating. I got lucky with my compound Essence. How does one even cultivate all affinity channels at once? Fairly sure that’s impossible.”
The Gnome shook his head, offended at the thought of giving up so easily. “Of course it’s possible! How do you think all the higher Laws in the Tower were made? People who had all the affinities were the only ones who could get there. Since they did, there were clearly available methods. Location, location, location! Just because we haven’t found it, doesn't mean it can’t exist.”
Sitting back up, the academic bothered to actually do what he was up here for. “You’re right. Also, I suppose I may as well get to searching. Question: is it impolite to ask a Mage what Law they’re bound to?”
While Artorian was looking around for location clues, Dev thought it over. “Yes. Yes, I believe for the grand majority of Mages, that information is very dear and close to their hearts. It gives away both their strengths and weaknesses. The combat-oriented ones would be loath to speak of it, and would absolutely take it as an affront. I, as the equivalent of a museum curator, am far less elusive. Earth and air, my Law is second tier. Remembrance.”
The startled academic paused from his freshly started search. “Second tier? I was certain those spots were filled out with something already, and I don’t recall Remembrance. Pun not intended.”
A snickering superiority left the tiny scholar. Artorian couldn’t fault the Gnome, there was a simple pleasure derived from first discovering you knew something another did not. “The Law of any given node has a main meaning attributed to it. Those meanings can change, if enough people agree that it is not what it was. Earth and air is very popular for lightning, but like a person, there is more to a Law than merely a one-dimensional personality.”
“It’s less about the meaning, and more about the combination, followed by what you want that combination to mean, and what that combination means to you. Remembrance may one day become a higher, individual node, but for now, it plays second fiddle to the main meaning in the second-tier earth and air Laws.”
“It’s not as straightforward as Mages these days think. They believe, ‘oh, the water Law! Healing, calm, and serenity’! As if waves cannot rage with a storm and water cannot crush in the deepest depths while remaining unharmed itself.”
Dev stared at the open sky above them as he considered his next words. “From what I’ve understood of my limited time back out in civilization—which has been less than I’d have liked and more than I wanted—Mages consider Laws to have a single, pure meaning, and therefore a singular purpose. The truth is anything but, and instead, it is as you explained with your technique difficulties. People want to quantify and narrow the details. They want to pin the entrails to the board and label every segment. How… stifling.”
“I am of the opinion that this is one of those mystery factors that separated people with multiple affinities from those with limited counts. It’s been clear that the pattern is as follows: those who approach the world seeking singular purpose will find it. Yet those who do not will find what they set out to find as well. The way you’ve described your ability usage is… well, it’s an advanced Mage idea, if not higher. The whole idea of shaping and embodying identity?”
Dev shook his head in admiration. “That’s a required step in the upper A-ranks. More because it completes a technique that is otherwise loose and uncontrollable. Even a perfect mold cannot always make a perfect arrow, but an imbued identity will always make the arrow act as an arrow, even if it looks like a rock. It’s a matter of where you put the cost.”
The Gnome turned and stared directly at Artorian, a smile playing across his face. “Your issues stem from working with functions that are so far removed from the basics that you’re overlooking them entirely. I know it might be difficult, and I can tell that your body isn’t great for learning the limitations. But unfortunately, my friend, that’s going to be the next step for you. Figuring out the ‘molds’. I’m convinced that you will start slinging flawless techniques if you can accomplish that, since what you’re pouring into a non-existent mold already accomplishes what a technique should. Don’t worry too much about the energy feeling free.
“The task is one of purpose. The more purpose you can instill, with the best method, is what will lead to results that anyone would break your door down to learn. That’s what Laws are, in the end.” Dev locked eyes with Artorian, making sure that the man understood what he was saying.
“Chosen purpose.”
Chapter Three
Grimaldus didn’t move.
Couldn't move would be more accurate. Then again, even if, at this particular moment, he could move, he wouldn’t have wanted to. One does not make themselves noticeable when a very upset Lady is wantonly lashing out at anything that catches her attention. You pretend to be very small and part of the furniture.
No. Wait. The furniture wasn’t any safer. Splinters of the wooden articles littered the ground, casualties of an upset ‘Mage’ reshaping her surroundings. The Queen’s tendency was to gravitate towards occupying her talents on people, but it appeared that she wasn’t actually limited to flesh-sculpting.
Grimaldus had learned excellent keywords, and that had led to great research. He had been given free reign to plot, scheme, and engage in obfuscation until the moment that spoiled tart ceased her ‘do not disturb’ streak. The shock of discovering her entire support network had crumbled with the death of the Vizier—though hastily restructured—didn’t suit her in the slightest. Her rampage was ongoing, but the son of the Fringe could not help but smile to himself. Her outburst was for naught. She’d waited a hair too long.
It was no small feat to delay Friars from the Church when they wanted something. Particularly when that something was to bother your boss. It was no equally small victory that he’d successfully rebuked them an entire month without bloodshed. Had their patience stretched even a day further, or had the Mistress left exile one night sooner, his ploy would have imploded.
He didn’t quite know how he was managing to flash a smug grin when the pressure in the area was crushing him down to his hands and knees, but it was the small victories he savored the most. Grimaldus collapsed on the ground in a messy heap when the pressure lifted, his body sore all over.
The roof ripped from the mansion as a freakish scream tore its way to the clouds. When the wave of sonic force hit them, the clouds burst into pieces, solidifying from the wavering Mana before popping like overstuffed balloons. A lake’s worth of water barreled down from the sky; caravan-sized globs loudly crashing to the ground below. Not even the worst thing that had happened today.
Ears still ringing, Grim wasn’t fully aware when he was lifted from the ground and plopped squarely onto his feet. The Queen spoke, and even though the sound warbled, he somehow heard it clearly… just not with his ears. The Favor was translating for him, feeding him the information so he knew how to respond. “How did this come to pass, Vizier?”
Grimaldus bowed slightly, pleased that the direct mention doubled as an affirmation of the position he had overtaken. Clearing his throat, he replied with extreme deference. “My Queen, Chasuble has betrayed us. On the day of your important task, Ziggurat was infiltrated. The agent of the Church knew to assault the games in order to be granted an audience with the previous Vizier. We were all defeated in the infiltrator’s wake, only to be the victims of a ruse during the climax. The old Vizier was slain not long after the infiltrator gained access; the brigand then fled while my brother gave chase. The search was thwarted by the disarray of the region as the enchanted bracelets broke. Not long after, Friars from Chasuble came to demand your attention.”
He rose, taking a breath to gesticulate. “A full three Friars, during the exact time when we were vulnerable. Only clever scheming prevented them from breaking down the doors of your mansion and interrupting your work. They were informed that our Queen did not wish to be disturbed, and they responded… poorly to that request. Your servants saw fit to restore order to your region so control could easily be returned to you with minimal disruption to your plans. The Friars, however, demanded that they be handed the reins of all, claiming that the Church would now be handling the region. Again, clever schemes deterred them. We submit only to our Queen.”
Grimaldus bowed deeply.“What are your commands, Your Grace? We eagerly await your will.”
The scene darkened, and the newly-positioned Vizier peeked up. He wished he hadn’t. Servants in the room were being sucked into the floor, seemingly becoming part of the mansion. The roof mended as rooms of people emptied, bones and meat vanishing by the tons from the dreaded pit. Walls healed their dents and damage, and wallpaper and furniture knit back together as the entire alabaster mansion regrew from the freely available sources that the shaper commanded.
The only pit Grimaldus was really aware of in that moment was the one present in the depths of his stomach. Even the Favor residing deep within withered at the sight of the Mistress rebuilding her home out of… people. He’d known the dead had some nefarious uses and purposes, but never had he expected… this. Certainly not on the scale that it was happening. He felt his elevation increase, new floors appearing below them as the window’s view of the horizon changed to overlook Ziggurat. Soon, the main temple came into view.
The queen’s voice was no mixture of milk and honey, but a dissonant rumble reminiscent of a twisting landslide. “I assume you have proof?”
Grimaldus procured a piece of fine paper he’d received from his grandfather to help sell their ruse. The Mana signature of Vicar Karthus was clear for all to see. “My Queen, this was recovered from the arena after the determining bout.”
When the mistress verified the piece of scrap to be genuine, she barked her orders. Her pride had been trampled, insulted, and stepped upon. “Hunt the Infiltrator. Burn the church. Bring. Me. Their. Dead. Tell the Favors that we have their quota of bodies. The necromancers will have their army. The Ziggurat is ready for raising.”
Chapter Four
“Put it down.”
Artorian didn’t see what Don Modsognir was so upset about. The sturdy Dwarf sported a menacing scowl and an equally menacing bearded axe in each hand. The surrounding flock of his family all displayed much the same expression and preparation. Don leveled a weapon at the creature currently mauling the living abyss out of the old human’s beard.
“Put. It. Down.”
The liger cub that Artorian cradled was, at best, the size of a fat squirrel. He looked down to regard it, and the bright mauve creature *eeee’d* while clawless paws swatted and batted at the shaky movements of his long beard. “Oh, Decorum is harmless and sweet. Look at his little toesie-woesies.”
The growing redness in Don’s face was as telltale as a barometer, if said barometer measured stages of anger. “Ya named it? Don’t be daft, ye old fool. It’s a villainous scrap of claws and teeth. Oh sure, it looks cute an’ cuddly now, but it’ll grow to the size of my da’s ego. Drop it so we can get rid of it before it’s a problem.”
Artorian pouted at his friend even as the cub was trying to bite at the edge of his robe. “Now, now, you know I can’t do that. She gave him to me! I’m not just going to abandon a sweetling when there is food aplenty.”
The crimson of the Modsognir’s face was starting to match his clan’s flag coloration. “Who d’you mean by ‘she’?”
With forced nonchalance, the human in front of them wavered and took a step to the side, so wobbly he looked drunk. A pensive hand rose, and a finger stabbed over to indicate a patch of tall blue grass in the distance. “Mmmm, her. Right there. She’s taking a nap.”
The Don cycled fire Essence—a trick the old man had let slip. The heat signatures of everything in the vicinity lit up like fresh candles, and the outline of a liger the size of a caravan cart could be discerned in the distance. Don kneaded the bridge of his nose with stubby fingers, dropping the cycle as his face steamed but lost its red luster. “Tell me that ain't the same one we shooed off a month ago when we were finding this place.”
Artorian wasn’t carrying the cub so much as he was juggling it between his hands, a little distracted as Decorum attempted constantly to wriggle free and get paws on the ground. “One and the same!”
The thunk of an axe head burying itself into the ground was followed by an equally defeated groan. Every week, it had been one more thing; this week, it was a liger cub. Of course. Why wouldn’t it be a continuation of the ridiculous? At least this time, someone had an amphora of water ready for him, and Don downed it while wishing it was fire brandy. Shame it was still just water. He couldn’t be mad, though—at least they had water. That had been the week two surprise.
Seeing their leader bury the hatchet, the other Dwarves sighed and dispersed. They weren’t any happier about the addition of a dangerous apex hunter roaming the Sect structure that they were slapping back together. It looked like it was going to be one more thing they’d have to live with.
Don rested his forehead on his hands. “You’re killin’ me, old man. My hair’s goin’ gray from being around ya, and after a month of yer pyrite, I can’t tell if you’re a blessing or a curse. Me head hurts. Keep the blasted thing, then, but don’t come crying to me when it eventually does something untoward. Now what do ya mean when ye say she gave it to you?”
Pleased as berry-sweetened punch, Artorian rubbed the tiny liger’s tummy. His hand was promptly assaulted, but the infant’s attack didn’t do much of anything. “I was cultivating in the field where we cut down that gargantuan deer herd—speaking of, I hope those antlers helped with the roofing problem. So anyway… I’m sitting in that cleared grass, and I feel a weight drop into my lap. Curious, I pulled myself out from my Center, and there’s this sleeping mauve furball on my robe. I then hear the crunching of bones, and I see this scarred liger tearing chunks out of a deer easily the size of herself. It’s not like we could eat an entire deer in a hurry, much less a few, so I didn’t think much of it.”
Don leveled a disbelieving glare as if he were scowling above the rim of a pair of glasses. “So you were shiverin’ in your boots because a C-ranked beastie that likes the flavor of yer face was prowlin’ around. Couldn’t keep yer mind off it, and hoped to the celestial stars it would keep eating the deer while ignoring your bony butt? Not a big stretch. Am followin’.”
Pressing a hand to his chest in mock insult, Artorian gasped a wordless ‘how rude!’ before continuing. Don was completely right, but he wouldn’t give the man the pleasure of knowing it. That would ruin the fun! “...Maybe. She ate, licked her nose, looked at me, and trotted off without thinking about it twice. I know they’re very solitary creatures, but I didn’t expect her to foist her furball off on someone else. I was just sitting there and cultivating!”
Don scratched his chin. “I think I understand this one.”
“You… you do?” Artorian frowned, and cocked his head at the man. He had not, so the unexpected statement was perplexing.
Sensing some confusion, Don took his time with nodding sagely, really rubbing it in before kicking his axe from the ground and catching it on the way up. “Oh, yes. Got this one. Best of luck with it!”
Struggling with the peppy little cat, Artorian quick-stepped, following Don back to the main Sect structure that the Setting Sun Alliance used to occupy. He stumbled across the resting stones of the Elders and Great Elders. The first and second Elder of the Setting Sun Sect must have been particularly loved, as their headstones were solid slabs of marble. The enigmatic words carved into the rock even remained mostly legible. “Mo! Come now, Mo. Tell me!”
The Don kept his nose in the air as he hurried through the pasture where their boars napped and grazed. One month, and the beasts were both the size of a one-masted barque. Creatures shouldn’t grow to the size of boats, but such things seemed to be the way in Morovia. “Nah. I’m sure you’ll figure it out. Nef! How’s that Qin family house comin’?”
“Restoration is better with those antlers, boss!” The shout from the work crew made Don raise a thumbs up in response. That was good news, and he silently enjoyed hearing Artorian struggling while shuffling behind him, doing his best to keep pace while fighting a cub that was not about to lose a war to the beard.
“Mo, please! I am… Decorum, behave yourself!”
*Mao*!
“Decorum!”
Big Mo snorted out a laugh. He had to pause and lean against a rock to compose himself, trying not to collapse into dry heaving laughter. He failed entirely when a thud made him glance over his shoulder. The old man was on the ground, both hands around the liger cub’s midriff as it wildly scrambled to escape. The sizable dust cloud that Decorum kicked up grew as it managed to squeeze itself free. It forced the old man to frog jump—while prone—to catch him again.
“You rascal!” Decorum pounced back and bit Artorian’s sizable nose. With a yelp, the old man stood in a panic, the tiny fluff ball still latched to his face while his arms flailed around. “Get it, get it, Don, get it!”
Doubled over in laughter, Don sucked in a breath and managed to wheeze out a response. “I just told ya not to come cryin’ to me! It’s your fluff ball now. Lady Liger went and dumped it on ya. Yer own fault for yer messy cultivating.”
With a noise similar to suction, Artorian pulled the cub from his face. How did he get so scratched up from a creature that didn’t yet have claws? He sighed, the injuries already mending themselves as he poured starlight into his Aura. “My cultivation is exquisite! What do you mean ‘messy’?”
Don watched the cub calm down as the soothing effect of the Aura washed over them all. It wasn’t fire brandy, but it felt equally relaxing and refreshing. “Ahh. Always nice when that happens. Now turn it off before they track ya down.”
The effect faded, but the furball remained an armful of delighted purrs. Whatever had agitated the tiny creature must have been removed, so Artorian cradled him against his shoulder, where he decided to nestle. The scholar sighed and gently stroked the infant down the spine as he sunk straight into a snooze. “Fine, fine. What’s so messy?”
Big Mo pointed at the temple-shaped structure ahead, making a ‘come along’ motion. Talking was nice, but there was work to be done and progress to be made. It had taken a while, but they’d found the remnants of a fallen Orthodox Sect. Good thing, too; they were the orderly kind that built structure and feng shui into their surroundings. Unorthodox Sects were messy and disorganized, but still not as bad as Demon Sects. “Barnabus! How’s dem walls?”
A scraggly Dwarf popped out from behind the rafters, the dust-covered man moving goggles aside to expose an untarnished section of face. “They be very stubborn, boss. Having more luck convincing the missus to let me out on a night with the boys than I am convincing this hunk of rocks back into shape. In the homeland, the rocks are stubborn, but they don’t give ya sass. These pyrite-blasted things are mouthier than me third child. We’ll sort ‘er out, though.”
Artorian blinked, perplexed as more questions piled on. After Barnabus slid back into his work and continued crawling around the interior of the burgeoning structure, Don’s attention returned to the old man. “When ye cultivate, ye make a right mess of things. The rest of us are all sticklers when it comes to what we pull from, but ye don’t seem to care. All Dwarves pull from below. Earthen sources, and some even from the heat of the planet itself, if yer affinities are right. Couple of the boys cultivate via alcohol—it’s mighty popular in certain places.”
“Point is, the area we cultivate is contained; it’s small. We refine what’s present. Ye and your head in the clouds’ behind don’t do that. Ye pull down what feels like a cloud of Essence from the sky. Cloud after cloud after cloud brightens the spot yer in, and anything ye don’t take in just bounces off ye.” Don scowled at him for a moment.
“What happens to raw Essence that hangs around, especially in a place that didn’t have much of it beforehand? Rhetorical; don’t look at me like that. I’m answering. It gravitates to sources that want it, which is abyss-blazin’ everything. So the grass grows taller, faster. Trees bloom in yer vicinity. Water gets clearer, and mud turns rockier. Air freshens and self-forms a breeze that begins emanating from yer location.”
He pointed at the snoozing kitten. “That thing's mother likely wandered into yer ‘zone’ that develops when you cultivate, because you pull down far more than ye can use. C-ranked beasties don’t got the same intelligence we do, but they ain’t dumb. Not by an ingot’s weight. If it wasn’t so dangerous, people would be trying to cultivate around ye. All the rogue stuff you pull doesn’t make that possible, but the beasties… oh, they don’t care. I ain’t no scholar on what makes a D-ranked critter turn into a C-ranked one, but I’ll eat me beard if Essence don’t have something to do with it.”
Turning hard, Don stomped off to the temple-in-reconstruction that was being turned into a familial home. Schist, shale, and basalt were not favored materials, but those were what they had. He had no idea how the Sects that had thrived here had managed it, but he had a conversation to finish.
“Them creatures like being solitary. I bet she wandered in and did that animal thing where she found a safer place for her tiny one to grow. So that’s where she put it, right into yer lap. I’m surprised she didn’t maul ya on principle, but count it as a blessing. Same thing happened with the boars, or do you not remember them napping next to you while you were cultivating? It ain’t no secret how they got bigger so fast; your messy cultivatin’ has that effect on the environment. Now quit yer facial expressions; ye’ve got questions to answer about these pills we found.”
Chapter Five
Artorian turned the ornate shale box over a few times. It took some doing, but a few thumbs in the right places clicked the stone lid open without forcing them to break another tiny puzzle chest. “More pills in this one. Where did you find all of these?”
Dimi hefted another barrel-sized box onto the nearby makeshift table, his voice tired from the effort. “More interested in what they are. Finding is easy. Doesn’t matter if you put stone boxes under the building to hide them, layer of dirt or not. Doesn’t stop a Dwarf from seeing them clear as daylight.”
Artorian held up a gleaming ombre orange and teal pill to his eye to inspect it. “Are you even a full Dwarf?”
Dimi shrugged; he’d had to deal with that all his life. “Half. Da got drunk one day, as one does. Strode out to the crags and pointed at the first pretty woman he saw, declared his love, and proclaimed he’d have her. Well, Da wasn’t wrong, and Ma didn’t in the least dislike the spunky attitude. Don’t quite know if she was a giant, or half-giant, but that didn’t deter Da none.”
The pills fell from his fingers as Artorian regarded the half-dwarf-half-giant with narrowed vision and a swiftly-turned head. Ten-foot Dwarf? Abyss. He’d buy it too, with the proof in front of him, even if the tale was something a bard would spindle together for an easy coin. He caught the pill as it tumbled, and returned to inspecting it. “Well… all right, then. I'll let the matter lie.”
Dimi giggled. “Just like Da!”
Artorian let out a grumble, and punted that topic out of the window to get to the matter at hand. Or in hand, considering he was holding the pill. “If I start my explanation with ‘this is going to sound strange’, will anyone actually be surprised?”
Everyone in the room who could find a seat had already done so. They all calmly shook their heads. Nothing was ordinary these days. Don leaned back in a hastily-crafted lounger, stretching as he glanced at a fluffy liger napping deep inside of a wrecked pillow. “We’ve been finding some strange stuff, but those pills take the brandy. Based on the stone, that box has been buried longer than you’ve been alive. Given that there be nothing here, save for ruins, tombstones, and soiled memories, I want some answers. How is this place yer homeland? The cultural finds make no sense, and we’re digging up what we’re going to call treasure like cheap pirates, though we haven’t the smallest pebble of an idea what any of it is.”
The academic squeezed a hand down his beard, as was his habit during pensivity. “When I was a lad, I didn’t actually know what any of this was either. I was… a troublemaker. Rambunctious to a fault. Independent, and just a touch spoiled. I didn’t respect authority, and rules were something I tended to call ‘guidelines’. Coming back here after half a century… it’s just… it’s heavy, and it’s a lot, and a month hasn’t been enough to come to terms with things, my dear Modsognir. Yet I will try.”
The pill was tossed to the Don, who took over the inspection not that he had a clue what to look for. Artorian shifted into lecture format, picking up another pill of the same coloration. “I didn’t know until recently, but it appears that the Sects of Morovia used to be cultivators. Of a sort. I was never informed as a child. In fact, I think it was heavily intended that I never become a cultivator at all. Those days are blurs to me now. Can’t say I blamed my parents. Imagine how I would have turned out!”
Groans erupted from the room. No explanation was needed to reveal how someone with his energy and mind would take to sudden bursts of power. He’d have gone down an entirely different path in life, one that may have led him to a far darker outcome than the one he was currently living. He didn’t exactly consider himself a good person when he was younger, so… it was for the best that he was sent off to the Skyspear for studies.
“This is a cultivation pill. It holds fire and air Essence. To be specific, one full D-rank of fire and air Essence; at least, the way we quantify it these days. I know the air aspect there may make it difficult to tell what’s going on within that hardened shell, but it explains what my grandparents used to do. Also why they smelled of herbs all the time. Didn’t encounter a robe of theirs that didn’t feel like it had been washed with medicinal plants. It took me a while to place, but the smell brought it all back.”
The Dwarves eyed the pill with deep, newfound interest. A whole rank? In that tiny bauble? The crowd of big noses pushed close around Big Mo, and he just held the pill away from him so they didn’t all get into his space. He was a-okay when the pill was taken away from him, and the horde of noses followed the object around. Still, he had questions. “How can that be, brother? Ye can’t put cultivation into a pill. That doesn’t work!”
Artorian held up a new pill in his left hand, and held up his empty right. An orb of light condensed, thickened, and solidified with a hard membrane until it formed an orb of roughly equal size. “Add enough corruption to make this structure real and solid, and you’ve got the container. That part was easy. The contents? I recall my elders refining plants and medical herbs in some sort of forge or cauldron. I was ushered out before they started anything, but whole bales of plants were squeezed dry, crushed, and refined into something that could fit neatly within a handkerchief. It’s all I saw from below. I was a small kid.”
He shoved a thumb over his shoulder, pointing out of the window. “Plants grow really well here, as can be seen. Bluegrass is just one of the varieties of stuff that grows in Morovia, and many of them were plucked in great amounts to do… something with. Can’t say I know the details, but I can make a leap and say that a plant with leaves of living flame will likely refine into fire Essence. I’m no herbalist, alchemist, or pill expert, but I can vaguely see the steps it would take to reach this conclusion. It also explains why my elders went into long stretches of isolation.”
“Absorbing the Essence from this pill means eating it, dealing with the corruption, and then having an entire rank to suddenly try to absorb without letting it blow you up. I’d bet the pills you found are higher grade; a full level at a time seems rare. These items don’t look cheap, nor something crafted without great time and intensity.” Artorian finished his lecture and trailed off into nostalgia.
Deverash, the Gnome, juggled a few of the pills, but nobody had the rank to tell him to stop. They just winced, watching him play with the incredibly valuable orbs. His mousy voice piped up as he caught them all. “Seems right. I’ve heard of something similar being done, but I’ve never seen an end product with such refinement produced. With how hidden they were, the value is nothing to scoff at. The use… less certain. I would not recommend that anyone take these without having precisely matching affinities. I am of the opinion that there were likely weaker versions for more generalized purposes, like that dark gray one from earlier.”
Artorian procured said foggy marble, and inspected it. “Infernal. Definitely infernal, though the properties I discern are odd. Based on the surface identity that I can glean from this mass, it’s meant to… improve bone structure and density? Like some type of bone frame improvement. I… there’s not a lick of harmful intent here? It’s all subverted, as far as I can tell, though I’ll admit that’s not useful when it comes to an affinity I’ve had limited exposure to.”
Dimi tapped his hand on a chest, a concerned expression on his face. “So, uh… about these?”
The Gnome peeked over. “Hmm, more pills?”
The half-giant uncomfortably opened the box and pulled out a cut, braided, very long beard. “Hair. Nothing but hair.”
Artorian was next to the box with a *fwush* of wind, his hands carefully taking the locks from the massive man’s open hands. His thumb brushed over the knottings in the braid, his jaw tightening in response. “Ah… I... I see. So that’s what happened.”
Confusion gathered, and all eyes turned to the old man. They silently demanded the story of what he’d just discovered, and conveyed it with expectant gazes as Artorian carefully folded and placed the beard back into the box that was filled with even more cuts of hair. The old human balled his hands up, squeezing fingers into his own palms as he drew some necessary calming breaths.
“The gold. It was the abyssal gold. Of course it was.” Rubbing his forehead, he weakly exhaled. “I… need to sit.”
A seat was vacated for him, but the questioning gazes firmly persisted even after he sat. His hands remained balled up, pressed to his mouth to keep himself silent a moment longer. When his palms came down, his gaze rose up to meet the inquisitive congregation. It felt like he was a guest lecturer again, students hanging on his every word. “This…”
He started over. “During my childhood, Morovia was in a spot of trouble. The same kind of trouble that, forty years later, arrived at my doorstep in the Fringe. I think you all know the problem, though perhaps not why it’s a problem.”
Fishing around in his pocket, the human pulled out and held up a single gold coin. “This is the problem.”
A few Dwarves shrugged, oblivious to his meaning. How gold could be a problem? Gold was clearly the solution, and more was better. The Don, on the other hand, was a little quicker on the uptake, and he dug one of the rectangular stone Li free, holding it up. The dots connected in Big Mo’s mind, and his face sunk down into his open hand.
“Pyrite.”
A weak half-smile was all the reply Don received from the sitting academic. “Pyrite indeed, my friend. Would you like to tell your clan what you’ve just figured out?”
Grumbling, the Dwarf took his axe from his belt to lean it next to his chair before getting up. He didn’t want to get upset mid-story and go a-swinging. He held up the Li for all to see once he stood in the middle of the attentive room. “Anyone seen these litterin’ the place? Hard not to, right? I know most of ye think they’re game pieces. They’re not. They used to be currency. What happens to a place that doesn’t accept the new currency of a stronger, larger, more powerful nation?”
More than a few Dwarves sucked on their teeth, hissing lightly as they winced and drew back into their seats. People who resisted that scenario tended to not have a shining survival rate. Big Mo nodded, noting his people were comprehending as quickly as he’d hoped. “Aye. Thought so too. A whole region, and there ain’t a survivor left. There’s not a great amount of people that can get something like that done, but I can sure count a few on my fingers. Their power be thicker than I cut my brisket, so I can buy that tale. Easily, too. What I’m not sure about is why they’d resist. Artorian, mind picking back up?”
Artorian bit his thumb, gaze locked on the box of hair he had carefully closed. “It’s a cultural thing. I’m sure more places than Morovia had this, but… it is tradition for rulers to grow their hair long in times of peace, and cut it in times of war. To declare war, you cut off your hair and send it to the enemy. The longer this lock, the longer this ruler has maintained peace, meaning that he is slow to anger. To receive a small lock of hair means that you have roused someone who is quick to anger, and quick to war. To receive a great beard or long mane of hair means you have angered someone who is slow to rise, does not answer to petty threats, and takes their time with decisions. This shows the measure of the person you have angered.”
He shuddered an exhale. “All these locks were long. All of them. The chest is full, and it was ready to be sent. So whoever came to eradicate the Sect did not care for their declaration. They did not care for diplomacy, nor just cause. Unfortunately, we don’t know who’d…”
His voice paused, his thin frame stilling. His next words were slow and steeped with icy cold. “What am I not being shown?”
Chapter Six
Deverash ceased idly playing with his baubles, glancing to the Don, whose vision flashed to Dimi, who was hastily searching for a way to not be in the room. The Gnome whispered a muffled ‘busted’.
He should have kept his mouth shut. Dimi paced right by the Don, casually tossed something at the Gnome’s chest, and continued his stride until he was hiding behind Big Mo’s chair. It didn’t cover a lot, but it made him feel better. He’d found the scrap of leather a week or so ago, and thought nothing of it when the Mage had nonchalantly mentioned to just keep it stowed away in a back pocket. Given the fresh knowledge, he dropped it like it was a hot potato.
The snazzy Gnome unfurled the old leather scrap. He turned it upside down, then flipped it again. He recognized the symbol, but hoped others wouldn’t. When a shadow loomed over him, he said nothing and just placed the mark in Artorian’s waiting hand. Even if the man wasn’t Mage-ranked, it was best not to try to hide the information with a power play.
Artorian’s cold voice cracked into arctic temperatures. His fingers squeezed the leather scrap, the origins of the insignia easy enough to discern, even if it was a few decades out of date.
“The Adventurer’s Guild.” He promptly sat on the ground so he didn’t fall over, crushing the leather scrap in his left hand while holding his head with the other. He grumbled under his breath, his mental tally adding an entire new section of opponents that needed to be taken care of. “Because the war wasn’t big enough.”
The sound in the room warped, but the academic didn’t hear it as he half-stepped into his mental space. He sat on the ground there, too; without needing to look, he saw the writing on the wall. This was getting too big for him. There was no way he could take on what had essentially become the world.
Before, he had put pre-Fringe grudges aside. Now, that was becoming more difficult to ignore. Within the Fringe, the enemy had seemed easy. Raiders. Just a few raiders. A single encampment and a small group. Eradication, sure. Could take a few years, but not something that wasn’t accomplishable. Then, it turned out the raider group wasn’t as miniscule as he’d thought.
After the raiders, he’d made an enemy out of the Church. The Church. If there had been other faiths in the lands, they were quelled and quenched long ago. They should have just let Jiivra become a Paladin, instead of crushing a girl’s dreams with their… nonsense. He had a full page of checkboxes that needed ticking, but much like the raiders, he knew only complete elimination of their elite would satisfy him. This task was not one he expected to be able to fulfill, yet it lived on the list regardless. At minimum, his heart demanded revenge on the Core-ripping Vicar.
This was not something he could do without being a Mage, and the path to Ascension was long and arduous. He beat himself up again and again for his absolute idiocy in spending his Essence. Yet it was for his adopted family that he was out here to begin with. He couldn’t have let his boys stay ensnared in the Ziggurat, just as he couldn’t leave Astrea to deal with the blight, or leave Lunella and Wux to suffer at the gilded daggers of Hakan.
They were expenditures well spent, and if he could do it again, he wouldn’t make the choices any differently. His personal growth was negligible, so long as his adopted family could flourish. Artorian just needed to get there and, like a good grandfather, clean up so the grandchildren could bumble into his home and share some hot tea by the fire with stories and treats while lounging on a pillow pile. Oh, how his dreams kept him alive.
Now the trifecta was full. The great powers of the world could be counted on a single hand. Royalty owning a region, the Church, and the Guild. That alone was three. The raiders now needed to be counted, he supposed. The last on the list… well. All those undead didn’t make themselves.
The Guild was the reason that, everywhere he went, he found no youngsters of age going out into the world. They had already done exactly that. Wild oats or otherwise, they would find reasons to leave the nest, especially if cultivation became involved. Burning souls with a need to see the world found their way to organizations built to help them fulfill those desires, even if nefarious contracts were at play to keep them bound.
He’d once had a Guild contract in his hands himself when he was younger. The fine print had not escaped him. It was the entire reason he turned it down and ended up in imperial regalia. Wars to fight for people who didn’t care if you came home, over matters too big to think about, and yet too small to be considered anything other than petty? What good was a war across the mountains when disease at home ate up everyone you loved? What was the point of fighting for someone who left you nothing to come back to? Nothing, except graves.
Heavens, did he feel old in this moment. So much done, yet so little accomplished.
The new page of question marks on how to deal with the entire Guild hung in his mental space. He didn’t have the patience to tackle this right now. If he ever even could. The Church may have had a handful of powerful cultivators, but the Guild held the majority of them, without a doubt. Even being a Mage wasn’t going to sort that out. There was always a bigger fish. No, he didn’t have the means. Not in the slightest.
Revenge weighed heavily on his thoughts, but he knew it would simmer and cool, only to add to the ocean of calm rage he already carried everywhere with him. For success, he would need to take drastic measures. Yet Artorian had nothing to work with to accomplish any of it. Cultivation was too slow. Sure, it would get him there, but the next few years would once again be playing catch up and recover, and it grated. It bothered him deeply that he had to do such a thing again, even if the reasons were something he was coming to terms with.
When Artorian pulled himself out of his isolation, a good twenty minutes had passed. The clan had left him alone to cope, though Deverash sat nearby for moral support and silent company, using his fancy goggles to deeply inspect the cultivation pills and their possible contents. The Dwarves were talking among themselves about sundry topics, and many were chewing on arm-sized chunks of spitroasted deer.
Only Deverash noticed when the old man stirred. His tone was calm, expecting the old man to need more than a minute to even out, particularly after discovering just who it was that had flattened what must have been his entire original and extended family. “How are you holding up?”
The philosopher shrugged, stowing the scrap of leather into his pocket. “I’ll be fine. Just… one more thing on the plate. You know?”
Deverash softly nodded in response, handing over one of the pills. “Here. It’s got your four. Anything you want to talk about?”
With an idle motion and a lack of thought, Artorian took the pill. He wasn’t back all the way yet, and he just looked at the marble, scanning it over as if it were a pretty rock. “Do you, by chance, know about the Merchant’s Guild, or the Apothecary Union?”
The Gnome waggled his hand to the left and right. He partially knew the answer, but he wasn’t versed on any recent knowledge. Ancient? He was your Gnome. Modern? Eeeeeh. “I’ve got scraps, at best. Speaking of, I’m of the thought they were eaten up by the scrap currently in your pocket.”
That made sense, and Artorian pressed his lips together. Of course it had joined the Guild. From a scrap of ideas to a great organization. He loathed how easily the bad eggs floated to the top, and how it seemed to happen everywhere. He sighed and leaned against the foot of the table. “My thanks. You’re likely not wrong. I’ll try and put it out of mind for a while, though I do believe that we’re going nowhere fast. Caravan is grounded, we’re hiding from Mages, and the local wildlife is prone to walk all over us.”
Deverash inspected a new pill. “Doesn’t sound so bad, really. Plenty of food to go around, you’ve got time to cultivate, and you’ve got one stylish Gnome to bounce genius ideas off of. Sounds like a condition with a lot of winning involved to me. I sure appreciate the company of individuals with actual minds. This one is celestial and infernal. How did they manage this? I don’t know that anyone can do this, yet I’m holding the proof. Fascinating.”
That did bring up a question Artorian had in his pocket. “Why did you come with us to this desolate place? You’ve been staying away from society for… I’m actually not sure how long, but quite a time. Yet, you got on the caravan. Why?”
Deverash thumbed the pill. His eyes saw it, though he wasn’t really paying further attention to the fine details. “The loneliness. It gets to you. A long life isn’t necessarily a better one. I remained hidden with the ever-dumber offspring of my race out of… I’m not sure what to call it. Guilt and nostalgia? I couldn’t leave them behind, even though they left me long ago. I recognize their faces. Some of the same faces will always come back. Not the minds. Never the minds. It’s not the person you expect to be talking to. You expect an old friend, but your friend does not see you. Does not recognize you. Does not laugh and joke and prod as you remember. It looks like them, but in the end… it’s not them.”
He put the pill back in the box next to him. Sure, the container was twice his size, but that didn’t bother the Gnome. “So when they all launched into a nationwide call to arms, I came running. They may be degenerates, but they’re still my tribe. An Ascended is nothing to scoff at, though I wasn’t quite prepared for what I saw. The Dwarves were playing with them. Not killing them, but… playing. Tormenting them as entertainment. That hurt me in a place that I don’t know where to put on a map.”
He leaned back against the foot of the table as well, copying the pose of the old human. “I stood there and watched. I watched as my mindless brethren kept up actions that I couldn’t believe they were not stopping. I think that was the moment where something broke. They no longer felt like my family. I no longer saw my tribe. I no longer connected with the beings that looked like me. Similar faces or not, they were something else entirely. So I followed the caravan for a few days. I listened. I learned how the world has changed from how the conversations flowed. I desperately wanted to know what I had missed. So, here I am. A lone Gnome out in a place one has never been. That I know of.”
Dev winked at the scholar, who chuckled good-naturedly. “I appreciate it. You’re right. I’m sure we’ll be fine, even if we’re stuck here for a little bit. I have a decent idea of the direction we have to go to get out of this mess, though it’s going to be quite the detour. So it looks like playing archeologist and figuring out old relics is the task of the day. Maybe I’ll even discover how to gain the cultivation out of this.”
He held up the cultivation pill that matched his affinities, and Dev suggested the obvious. “Are you gonna eat it and find out?”
Chapter Seven
“I’mma kill ‘im.” Don drummed his fingers on his upper bicep, face set as stone in telltale Dwarven grumpiness. Deverash sighed, steaming his clothes with spiky layers of Mana to clean his impeccable attire. Big Mo was haunting the cultivation spot for the twenty-seventh time this week, checking on the immobile human stuck in a rigid lotus position. “When he gets outta that trance. I’mma kill ‘im.”
“Yes, yes. So you’ve said seventy-two times now. If you’ll stop being so salty that he’s not around to help with crucial improvements, you can take that up with him when he wakes up.” The Gnome stole a glance at the half-statue covered in Morovian birds. “If he wakes up. It’s a maelstrom in there, and if there’s any more sprocket-blasted clockwork misf—”
Deverash Neverdash was gone in a flash. The Don barely caught the movement of the tiny Mage ripping something away from Artorian’s Aura, in the rough vicinity of his left ear, as that something was rapidly misshaping and reforming. The pallid Essence construct was cleanly separated, thrown at a nearby patch of grass that instantly caught on fire, only to freeze into solid cold chunks wherever the flames had licked it.
The Gnome’s hands were back on his spare vest before the bottom seam ever had a chance to touch the ground, doldrums of wind spiraling from the movements of Mage-speed. Not a single bird flew away from this four-step. They had more moxy in a single tailfeather than some grim westerners did in their entire moustache.
The Gnome continued his sentence to a flabbergasted Modsognir, speaking as if there had never been an interruption at all. “—misforming Essence designs, then it’s better if he stays far away from any delicate projects you have ongoing. Unless, of course, you’d rather be the one handling rogue Essence constructs? Honestly I’m not sure why they’re happening for him. Any other cultivator, sure. Yet he was specifically coming from the identity direction, rather than the haphazardly-lathering-units-of-Essence-together direction. So why his Aura is making rogue constructs is something I’m itching to ask when he wakes back up.”
The Don maintained his dumbstruck look, except that it turned to face the nonchalant Gnome instead of the old man. “Run that by me again? What just happened?”
Dev slid his glasses down to glance up at the confused, heavily hammer-kitted Dwarf. Somehow, he managed to still just barely look over the rim to convey his silent disapproval. The Don was a C-rank cultivator; he should know this by now. A glance at the statue-torian set him at ease, as that Aura was holding steady. It was some kind of frigidly cold-steam vapor at the moment, but if the mohawk-sporting birds weren’t bothered, then he was in the clear. Granted, those pint-sized birds were maybe twice his size, and they would fight anything on principle.
“Sir Modsognir, may I ask your rank?”
The Don shifted uncomfortably. That was a decently sensitive topic, especially considering his social status in comparison to his progress. He mumbled it out under his breath, not actually wanting the Mage to hear it. Dev heard The Don anyway. “C-rank one.”
The Gnome momentarily paused the careful ministrations on his vest. Shouldn’t a Don be… significantly higher? Given the mumble, Dev decided not to ask. There was likely a very good reason, and not one the Modsognir was comfortable sharing. “Congratulations on your C-rank. Have you infused your Aura, or started any body preparation?”
Dev waved away the quick glance that the Don stole at Artorian to try and wiggle out of the question. “Don’t pay attention to him. He’s been doing things out of order in all manner of odd, inconvenient, and roundabout ways. The person without a strong basic foundation and heavily adapted higher functions is never a good average to measure oneself by. Our human is an outlier and a weirdo, only made worse by those daft ancient Elven influences on his growth. Though the whole do-it-yourself aspect is hurting him the most. Put the attention back on you.”
Big Mo fussed and crossed his arms, finally answering the Mage, since he wasn’t getting an easy out. He was here to grumble and get his rumbles out without expending them on his work crews. It was difficult for everyone in Morovia, and with their only direct information source unavailable, everyone felt snippy. “Body prep. Dwarves don’t make great external cultivators. We’re all about numbers, exact measurements, proper infrastructure, and supporting networks. We build our bodies like we build our civilization. Slow, methodical, and everlasting. I’ve been working on infusing my vitals for years, but Essence hasn’t been plentiful. All that roving trader work doesn’t lend itself to convenient cultivating, and fire brandy only gets you so far on the road. Most of my lads are in the body infusing layer. The improvement line is very rigid and strict.”
Dev nodded in understanding. “There are many, countlessly different ways to reach the platform where one is ready for Ascension. How one gets there is surprisingly flexible, but the requirements to survive Magehood transformation is set in stone. You’re not behind, my good sir. Your progress is substantial! No need to be so melancholic. Let me pretend to be our philosopher here, and I’ll explain what’s going on.”
The cleaned vest was neatly folded and stored in one of the dozen inner pockets of the vest he currently wore. Each was an impressive spatial bag in its own right. The Don mentally noted that, if the Mage wanted to, he could easily cart around several tons of goods on his person without being bothered in the slightest. Clever. Dev started talking, so the Don focused on him.
“When you reach the stage where Aura infusion and building comes to pass, you’re going to find that your Aura requires an entirely different method of thinking. It feels different; it doesn’t respond like you expect it might, and you’re going to feel like a part of yourself is both from a different culture and speaking a language you’ve never heard. To give you an example of how different it will be from the down-to-earth grounding an inner-cultivator considers ‘stable’…”
A silver tincture found itself between the Gnome’s fingers, and he sipped it gingerly, hopping up to sit on a twisted vortex of air. “Attacks with Aura are not remotely the same, and yet the final results are nigh-on identical to attacks made from techniques. They just come from opposite schools of thought. An Aura can be expressed as a great many things, and much of its shape and direction has to do with how you personally conceive it. How one conceives their Aura also shapes how they build and infuse it; causing personally created limitations in the functions of what it will be able to do in the future.”
He was losing the Don, and he had to slow down. Dev could tell based on the aggrieved facial expressions alone. “If you think your Aura is a tight field around you meant to shield, you’ll build it like it’s a shield. If you think your Aura is meant to hide you from the world through means of stealth, you’ll build it like a camouflaged net. If you think your Aura is meant to strengthen you as a second skin and empowering layer of might… same idea. An Aura has as many applications as you can think of, and requires little fuel, given the expectation that you get the concept and Essence combinations right. Even Mages can have an Essence combination perfect, and yet not be able to perfectly replicate a concept. The same is true for the reverse.”
Big Mo pointed aggressively at their human, or right past him at the frozen over bluegrass. “Get to the point of what ye ripped off of him that caused that.”
Dev’s tiny face squeezed in displeasure. “That was an Essence construct, a rogue one. When you have a built-up Aura, or you’re infusing, or really you’re doing anything with it that involves adding more units of Essence to something intended to be an active effect… there are frequent side effects. Unless we’re not sugar-coating, in which case we call them grievous and deadly mistakes that kill you and everyone around you. Fairly indiscriminately.”
The Don turned a little pale, and held his tongue as his sassy retort was swallowed, along with his tongue. That was far more dangerous than he’d initially assumed, and he claimed an explosives wielding grandmother as family!
Dev took another swig from his Gnomish tincture. “I see we’re on the same page now. External cultivators, the people who use their Aura significantly over and above their body, suffer from this problem frequently. This happens when they think like you do. Units. Math. Mechanics. Exact measurements. Essence in the right combination, in the right place, at the right time. Timing is key, much like in cooking. This is how internal cultivators see Aura, and that’s part of the reason why it all goes to shlum.”
Big Mo thought this an excellent time to sit, and just shut up and listen. This was cultivation knowledge he was not only not supposed to have, but was knowledge he didn’t think was available to Dwarven holds. Deverash just floated about on his silent vortex, the sermon continuing unsullied.
“Aura, like I mentioned earlier, is an entirely different pattern of thought. You can use it to create effects without any of the deep, technical training and practical means otherwise needed. It’s more costly, but you can do it. Many people find that quick and easy path to power very alluring, but the temptation tends to die when they find just how difficult it is to progress past that point.
“This is where constructs come into play. A chunk of Aura, given the right combination, will automatically form the base ‘thing’ that combination is supposed to be. The problem tends to be that there are millions upon millions of tiny, specific, minute combination differences, to the point that you can just never tell what you’re going to get, unless you have the perfect combination locked down.
“So you might be trying to create drinkable water, but get a single plink of water Essence wrong, and you have a nasty contact poison that starts its effect instantly.” The Gnome smirked to himself. “Honestly very helpful for teaching troubled students that don’t believe you when you try to teach them patience. Nothing like setting yourself on fire when trying to remain pleasantly warm. Fantastic lesson for unruly little schemers.”
“I don’t think I wanna know further; I got the gist. Aura kills ya faster than it helps ya.” The Don nodded at his own words and started preparing to leave the area. He was feeling queasy. This whole thing was starting to sound entirely undesirable.
The Dwarf frowned, paused, and glanced over at their human. “Now, hold a moment. Longbeard over there has been throwing out Aura effects like he puffs hookah, but until just now, I ain’t seen this self-forming construct thing yer jabbering about. I know the fool gulped down that refinement pill, but I don’t see why that would give him trouble he didn’t have before.”
“That… is probably my fault entirely. Now that I’m thinking about it.” Deverash scratched the back of his head, face full of guilt. “I told him to focus on the basics; the things an internal cultivator pays attention to in order to make proper advances. He has perfect material to fuel into molds, as if one were using them in a forge. Yet he has no good molds, save for a few tricks he’s practiced a few scant years. Even those I wouldn’t say I’m proud of, more just ‘yes that’s nice’. Prior to this, he wasn’t having issues, because the way he thinks is perfect for Aura. He thinks of who, and why, rather than what, and where.”
The Gnome jumped off his vortex and calmly strolled over the statue-torian, carefully using his hand to scrape off a slowly forming problem area. “This is a good example. Water and fire Essences here are not getting along, and it’s forming a liquid glob that will burn you with excessive cold. Yes, it can do that.”
Deverash the Mage tossed the glob away at some more grass. The same as earlier occured, only far more violently, as it proliferated with a raging fury, only to stop mid-fume. The grass shattered, sounding as if a thousand mirrors had broken in the span of a second.
“Previously, the oddly-infused Aura that Artorian used allowed him to shape Essence and create identity for it easily. The Essence knew who it was, where it was supposed to be, what was expected of it. Don’t look so shocked. Auras are the most visceral expression of the self, and anyone who can competently read an Aura will gain incredible, vast insight on who you are as a person. It deeply betrays your innermost thoughts. Don’t worry about this too much, Don. It’s A-rank territory.”
The Don squeezed the sides of his head with both hands, trying to wrap his mind around this foreign concept that Aura was something alive, something that acted and reacted. “As in, it… learns?”
Dev softly shrugged and walked around Artorian’s unmoving form. “Mine doesn’t, and yours likely won’t. His does. In my C-ranked days, my Aura was all about self-protection. Mostly from the mad mechanical marvels of my extended family. You just never know when a gout of acid flame will melt your house down to foam bubbles, yet for some reason doesn’t touch textiles. Be glad the days of the Gnomish have come and gone, my friend.”
“Back to your question. Yes, Auras, if built and infused properly, can learn. Particularly if you go the path of the Flesh Mage and align your connections as if they were dendrites. Most Dwarven Auras I’ve seen are like… geodes. Usually diamonds. Most Elven Auras are meant for obfuscation or utility. Humans… never know. Too much variance, and I’m not up to date.” He stabbed a tiny digit into Artorian’s Aura, and it *blooped* like gel being poked.
“This seems safe enough, though I sort of regret telling him to practice molds. He wouldn’t have rogue constructs if he’d been keeping front-mind focus on who and what the thing was meant to be before trying different combinations. The birds don’t seem to mind… now that I’m thinking of it, have you noticed they’ve grown one-third in size since we started this conversation?”
“I…” Snapping his gaze to the birds, the Don blinked as he took them in. The Morovian Hawks—or MoHawks for short, given the tuft on their head—had been twice as tall as Dev. Now they were nearly thrice his height. “That ain’t right.”
The Mage snorted while walking in circles around the human. “Welcome to Morovia, and the primer of how Beasts improve themselves. All this free Essence Artorian is pulling down is amazing for them, especially the air Essence. This is likely why the water and fire are out of balance, since the hawks are gobbling the spare runoff up, and his Aura is reacting to an out-of-balance excess. He’ll have to deal with that without being aware of the cause. I’m sure he’ll be fine.”
Chapter Eight
Artorian was not fine. He was anything but fine. Why had he listened to the Gnome and actually downed the refinement pill? He’d been in a state of constant flux and problems after the pill’s external corruption shell had dissolved in his stomach. All the energy within the pill had burst free and altered from solid Essence to liquid Essence, and the liquid variant badly wanted to become gaseous. Explosive dangers, indeed!
His breath was funnelling in gales of Essence, even though he did not move on the outside; leaving him still as a statue while he was stuck in his Center. Looking away or not paying attention with all this unruly, uncaptured Essence inside of him was a swift path to popping.
Artorian was experiencing severe technical difficulties. Yet every time he knew he’d lost control of something, the extra energy just… went away. Alright, it felt ripped away, so there had to be help at play. Still, this was so jarring and bizzare. He’d reduced the size of what a ‘unit’ was to him, fairly significantly. The measurement size he’d been using was an entire cup too big, judging by the unpleasant side effects, and using smaller units allowed for more refined control over the oddities. He now fully understood both how and why Irene had measured her Essence output by the individual muscle: it mattered. It mattered a lot.
He’d never had the chance to approach her about the topic of her origins. It hadn’t escaped him that she also came from Morovia. As if that liger combat style wasn’t telltale. Artorian faltered and forced his thoughts back to his current situation. He didn’t have the liberty to ruminate—yet another sucking loss of air Essence from his Aura forced the entire mechanism into unbalanced discord. “Crackers and toast!”
There was no way to know how much time was actually passing as he ran from one fire to another. All he could do was try to discover and apply mixes of Essences. Most ended in disaster, and the pill wasn’t restoring his rank so much as it was replacing the ripped-away Aura he lost during each sequential accident.
He had run into a snag. The refinement pill added raw power in such an uneven, uncontrolled set of bursts that using it for something was paramount, just so he wouldn’t pop, because his body could not hold it. Only the gaseous type of this energy was something his Presence could absorb. The liquid and solid variant? Completely counterproductive, and he hadn’t a clue why. Yet the liquid version absorbed into his Center all the same and rushed to his cells, where it tried to occupy space.
On top of this unbalance, the latent properties of whatever plants had been used were rearing their ugly faces. “You complete nightmare of a pill! How could one be hot and cold at the same time? I despise having a fever, and whoever made this clearly decided to build in the experience of being sick with all these awful feelings!”
He hoped it was just the sensation, and not being sick in actuality. Dealing with all of this without his starlight Presence active to maintain its soothing and healing properties only made everything more difficult. Blast his theory that his unique Aura would make him easy to track down! Why did he even have to think of that awful possibility? It took the most useful tool out of his arsenal. He wasn’t dependent on it, he told himself. Not at all. He could quit using it any time. He could find alternatives. Artorian just hadn’t expected to be forced into a corner where that was the case.
If Ember had found him when she was an A-ranked Mage, others could too. Even if the exact methods were not fully understood, he grasped that a type of sympathy was involved. Information about him had undoubtedly reached the well-stocked files of all his enemies. The raiders… were not so big a concern, with Grimaldus redirecting efforts. The Church was going to be on his case; he just knew it. That dumb stunt he’d pulled in Chasuble, by sneakily promoting Alhambra to a Head Cleric, was going to get around. Artorian had told Alha the rough location of Skyspear, and hostile Mages and the like would be flooding that area to look for both Artorian and Alha.
Artorian sported a small, wry grin inside his Center. The people coming after him didn’t know about Dawn. A cursory check of that place would, at most, show that Gran’mama was present, so long as she properly made it there. Otherwise, the next highest ranks protecting the Skyspear were C-rankers, since Dawn had her ‘hide in another layer’ S-rank trick. That whole ‘changing frames of reference and relative frames of motion at will’ thing was something he’d have to wrap his head around later. Most of the things Dawn could do, in comparison to when she was Ember, were ludicrous. She had all her Mage-rank tricks, but better, and on an entirely different level of power. “Oh rats, my Aura!”
With a heave of effort, he lost control of another burning cold chunk, and right as he prepared for backlash… it was gone. *Phew.* Definitely outside help at play. Likeliest culprit for saving him was Dev. Even though that Gnome was the reason he was in the situation, Artorian was going to give him the best pillow he could get his hands on after this.
A weight dropped into his lap again. Ah, the liger cub. He could feel it through his Aura, as though there was some kind of interaction at play that he didn’t properly understand. His celestial draw dropped like a rock, and fire and water once again started their war inside of him. Initial assumptions: Beasts were draining the excess Essence that he was surrounded with. That was a fairly interesting theory; it was a shame that he didn’t have the abyss-blasted time to work through the why of it!
All this Essence was just the pill wreaking havoc. He should have tried one of the weaker variants first; a tiny, dull one, perhaps. A Foundation Establishment Pill, Cosmetic Pill, or even a Primordial Pill would all have been safer than this daft ‘Rising Sun Pill’. Why did they all need to have such ridiculous names in the pill manifest they’d found?
It was the naming convention for fighting styles all over again! The name was irrelevant! Pills had an intent and a relevant Essence type, all in an attempt to try to accomplish the intended effect. Why did they always get silly names? Density and quality mattered when it came to determining outcome, and the materials chosen to create the pill must have been of incredible importance. Unfortunately, he was missing the variables that would have let him puzzle this out.
*Fwumph*.
“Uhm? That’s not a sound I was-” Artotian blinked, feeling sore all over. He was out of his Center and back in the real world without so much as a hint of warning. The pill had run its course and had completely run dry. The lock keeping him in his Center hadn’t so much been removed, as it had vanished instantly and punted him out to take care of his outer-body needs. First up, he was starving!
He heard the popping of bubbles, and even under the starry night sky, he could make out the outline of Dev in a tiny lounge chair. How long had Artorian been out, if the Gnome had created a personalized chair? Dev was drawing deeply from a fancy curved pipe, but bubbles were being expelled from the head of the tool instead of smoke.
“Welcome back. How are you feeling?” The nonchalance was worrying, like the Mage was preparing for some verbal backlash. It didn’t come. Artorian flopped on the ground, doing stretches while prone rather than risking something stupid, like trying to stand up. His bones popped as he writhed about during safety-stretches. “Hgnnn. Sore, hungry, regretful. Feels like I lost part of a rank rather than gained anything. What’s with the magical animal parade?”
Artorian looked around, only to find a mixture of several snoozing animals that would not normally get along. Or shouldn’t, in any case. “Dev, what’s going on? What’s with all these big creatures?”
The Mage shrugged, blowing a few bubbles. “You made some friends. I think they believe you’re part of the landscape, and celestial, are you cozy! I don’t know how you manifested a pillow Aura, but it was nicely done.”
Artorian checked himself over, and didn’t understand nor see it. “A what Aura?”
Dev motioned with his pipe. “Pillow. You know. Soft, cozy, the kind of feeling that you have in the morning when you’re all bundled in and you really don’t want to get up? That. You had the Aura combination up and active for… days? Things have been coming by just to sleep. You wouldn’t believe the company you’ve had. Don stopped visiting entirely after the first week, when the marsupials decided to move in.”
Said marsupials poked their heads out from the insides of his robes at all the rolling around on the grassy mound. With their statue perch awake, they *squeeped* and spilled free like a massive fluffy horde. Artorian froze in place as his pockets emptied. He suddenly felt a whole lot lighter. A wet, bristled tongue dragged across his left cheek like sandpaper while something large chuffed at him. Not knowing what to do, he copied the sound and chuffed back, only to have something mauve flop onto his chest. The Gnome snickered.
“You’ve been something of a ‘neutral-zone’ for the local wildlife,” he explained quietly, in an attempt to keep everything in the area calm. “I’m decently immune, but anything that comes too close gets drowsy and starts falling asleep. It feels sort of like a sleep-inducing effect, but different. Anywho, that’s some impressive animal magnetism. Oh, and Decorum is very protective, which is also part of the reason the Dwarves have been scarce. A month, by the way. It’s been a month.”
As he sat up slowly, the large cat perched on his chest *mrowled* unpleasantly at his movement. Artorian regarded him, but large in size or not, the kitten was lounging without a care in the world. Based on the smudges on his mouth and general smell, it was clear that he had eaten recently. “Decorum, you’re much bigger than I remember you being, and I don’t think you’re supposed to grow this thick in a month. That’s a little fast.”
Artorian exhaled through his nose, petting Decorum. “May I safely guess the Dwarves are miffed at me?”
The Gnome choked on his pipe at the painful accuracy of that statement. He pulled free a satchel, and upended it to let the contents spill free. “Oh. ‘A wee bit,’ as they would say. You might want to get your armor on before going to say hello. They’ve been in a… mood. Speaking of, I’ve been studying this set that you own. Very interesting Runes. I felt right at home when I first saw them. They’re from back in my age, if not from before. I think the set was designed for deep-sea exploration? A nautical suit. There’s a Runeset in the chest specifically to deal with pressure. The plates seal tight, and she has a whole mess of Arrays to deal with temperature extremes.”
Waywardly running fingers through mauve fur, Artorian perked up while listening to the debrief. “‘She’? Since when does armor have a gender?”
“Much like a ship is called ‘she’,” Dev replied, waving away the question, “it’s just a figure of speech. If ever your armor comes alive, you can suss it out then. Not that it’s going to. Probably. Just saying, this one doesn’t have any autonomy Runes, just a very odd Aura Array reader. I can’t recall the last time I saw functional Arrays; they’re not used anymore, not since Runes and the like became more common. Arrays are just too costly.”
Decorum shifted and got up. He bristled a moment before doing the long cat-stretch with the front paws stretched out. Licking his own nose, he padded off to slink smoothly and gracefully into the tall bluegrass. Both conversationalists kept quiet as the monstrous cat moved. There was no reason to trigger a surprise mauling, even if neither of them had much to fear from the F-ranked beast.
“I’m not sure if I want to ask first about what an Array is, or how animals become Cored Beasts.” Artorian cleared his throat, getting up off the ground to copy the cat and finish his own, albeit less impressive, stretch routine. His joints audibly popped. “Oof. That hurt. Toss me those greaves, would you?”
The Dwarves were going to throw him around when they realized he was finally out and about, and Artorian was all about preparation. Deverash joined in on the yoga stretches, even if they weren't necessary, before helping the old man get his protective armor on.
“An Array is an older method of connecting multiple Inscriptions without directly overlapping them,” the Gnome began his explanation. “You need a certain amount of Runes that work together to trigger an effect, and they have to be a set distance away from one another, in addition to being linked by ‘sympathetic connections’. I’m not sure if you’ve noticed before, but your armor doesn’t function properly if you’re not wearing all the pieces, even if it does resize to keep the sigils aligned while it tries to refit.”
When the helmet slid into place on Artorian’s head, Ember’s gear sized to fit him just as Dev was describing. It had been cleaned by someone, and it drank in some of his Aura to align itself properly. Artorian cracked his neck one final time and started on his way. “I think I’m all set to go meet some angry people. What do you think?”
The Mage hopped around Artorian a few times, taking stock of the changes once everything was active. Deverash was happy enough, but spoke with caution. “I’d not use any of the features with your current Essence levels, if you can help it. As to the other topic of conversation, I don’t have answers for you on Beasts and Cores and the like.”
“Wait… there’s…” Dev stopped mid-stride as his senses bristled. Something was wrong. “We should run.”
Artorian paused, his helmet turning to regard a frozen Gnome as he peered up into the air. The tone had changed right at the end, and while he was aware that the armor was mostly a joke so the Dwarves could let off some steam, the sudden worry in Dev’s tone wasn’t playful. “What did you say?”
Deverash Neverdash decided that his namesake wasn’t all it was cracked up to be. He snatched Artorian by the wrist and dashed off at Mage speed with the old human in tow. “Run! We’re abyssed! Choir members are coming in at a very sharp vector.”
“A what?” Artorian managed to squeak out.
“A vector! A quantity that has magnitude and direction and that is commonly represented by a directed line segment whose length represents the magnitude and whose orientation in space represents the direction broadly! Uh… Choir members are coming in our direction, and fast!” Dev rattled off the answer so rapidly that Artorian had to think it over three times to understand all of it. Then he realized that his mind was going places it didn’t need to be, and he tried to get in sync with Dev.
Running was difficult when your feet didn’t touch the ground. Ember had often given him this treatment in the past, so he knew to just go limp and streamline himself with air Essence. It was odd to skid a scant few inches above the ground, given Dev’s respective size. Still, when you zipped along as fast as a Mage seemed to be able to, the world was a blur. Dev cursed. “Shlum!”
Artorian’s velocity continued even when the grip on his wrist vanished. Tumbling along the bluegrass and clearing a long line of it, he thunked against a sizable rock in order to come to a full stop. Groaning, Artorian shook himself and slowly stood up. The slits in his helmet had closed as the zippy escape began, and the visuals fizzed into view as he saw sky-lights flash and bounce off one another in the distance. One was certainly Deverash, though he didn’t recognize the other.
“To be frank,” a voice from behind him spoke up as he staggered. “You’re not what I was expecting.”
Still in a stagger, Artorian turned around to see a Friar sitting on the rock he’d crashed into, inspecting an apple. The man seemed significantly more interested in the snack than the charge he’d been hunting down.
“Terribly sorry,” Artorian responded smoothly. “I believe you have the wrong…”
Friar Pjotter extended his hand, and Artorian smashed forward, crashing down onto his face as the spatial bag on his back pulled him into the air. A two-striped chasuble and matching robes flutter-pulled free from what he had thought was inaccessible space. Alhambra’s chasuble flew into Pjotter’s hand, and he held it up between two fingers like it was a filthy rag.
“No such luck, criminal scum. Shall I list your crimes now? Impersonating a Head Cleric, stealing wealth from the Church, withholding property from the Choir. Falsifying Mana-contracts… I’ll stop there. Any last words? I’ll grant you that much. I did have a good time on this old goose chase. Initially, the orders were to retrieve you, but… accidents happen. You owe my brother for his hand after the devious tricks your Dwarven co-conspirators used.”
Artorian was in a daze. He got back up as he came to his senses, seeing the object by which he’d been tracked down. Abyss! After all his attempts to keep his Aura diminished as well. The puzzle pieces fell into place easily enough. How he’d been found, what kind of power was needed to track him down, and what a terrible predicament that currently placed him in. He sighed, and the armor made the sound thrum as his mind came up with a truly foolish idea. Before he could chide it to stay shut, his mouth formed the blasé retort.
“Last words? *Phah.* What can you possibly do, throw me to the moons?”
Pjotter looked up from inspecting the apple, considering the option as he stared off into the distance. “I was going to slap you into a fine powder, but that sounds far more interesting!”
Artorian didn't see what happened next, as the world became a blur. He was being gripped, and the two of them were flying straight up at Mage speed. As they passed the clouds, Artorian became faintly aware that he was spinning in place, while an echoing boom informed him he had broken the sound barrier. He looked up at the rapidly brightening stars, then down at the clouds that seemed to be fleeing.
Pjotter had, in fact, thrown him toward one of the moons.
Chapter Nine
The armor became hot. It became so very hot! This had been a bad idea. No, ‘bad’ didn’t cut it. This had been a terrible idea. Panicking as he rocketed ever higher, Artorian scrambled for solutions with the same success as his hands scrambling for something solid to hold. He’d never gotten far enough to actually plan anything out, save for a passing thought, that… may not have been feasible.
The heat was becoming unbearable, even with Ember’s armor pushing its Array to the brink as temperatures were neutralized as much as possible. On a happy note, the suit ate up the surrounding Essence created from raw friction on its own, fueling the Array instead of eating at Artorian’s paltry reserves. Realizing that effect, Artorian imagined a Nixie Tube plinking to life above his head as an idea struck him. It was, as before, not a great plan.
What happened in Morovia with the Modsognir clan and the Friars was a concern, but currently one pushed far, far back into the recesses of his mind as survival sprinted into the forefront like a thief who’d just stolen honey from a bear. This was no time to play to anything other than his strengths.
Presence, deploy!
Artorian felt his consciousness wrench as he expanded his Aura as fast and as wide as he could to get a grasp of things. Heat grazed and nearly burned him from the sheer ascension speed as it overwhelmed the array. However, it was fire Essence, and that allowed the problem to solve itself… if he was right.
Testing another off-the-cuff and totally-should-not-have-done-that idea, he mass-absorbed the free resources into his Presence while shifting gear into active cultivation. Rampant blazing energy flooded into his Center. It was like having eaten the refinement pill all over again. This was a suicidal situation in which to cultivate, but if he didn’t have spare Essence to work with, then he wouldn’t be able to attempt his hare-brained idea.
The sheer disturbance he was causing with movement alone generated so much heat and Essence that it felt like a punch in the gut when the first wave of energy piled on him. He rose a full rank before the first ten seconds had passed. Rather than pulling from the upward direction he normally used—as ‘up’ was an uncertainty so long as he was in a wild spin—Artorian instead gathered purely from his Presence field. The heat quickly subsided, and with that particular pain no longer stabbing him, he focused on the interior of the skin plate and spat the gathered Essence back out.
The gained rank drained away in moments as he manifested the desired effect into being. He’d been falling upward, but at a slower rate over time. Still he didn’t actually want to hit the moon he was hurtling towards. Artorian blinked and shook his head with a wry chuckle. That thought was absurd. Still, common sense was currently relegated to the back seat; it wasn’t going to help in this situation.
In an attempt to arrest his momentum, bursts of concentrated fire and air erupted from Artorian’s shoulders, spine, and the backs of his knees, while blazing vortexes on his elbows sputtered into activity. He took deep, nervous breaths as the speed of his nauseating spin slowed. His heartbeat pounded with maddened fervor, and sweat ran down his forehead from raw stress.
He rambled to himself just to take the edge off. “One problem at a time. Stabilize. Stabilize.”
Being thrown skyward was far more taxing and stressful than he’d initially assumed. It was like falling, but in the opposite direction. The feeling of seeing the land become a discolored mass was one thing, but the sudden cessation of any Essence, save for celestial, was brutally jarring. He’d not heard any sound from outside the suit, which seemed unable to vent or reduce the heat. It would have been a burning husk, but for that energy being gobbled up, either to fuel armor features or Artorian’s yawning Center.
Managing to turn around with all the dexterity of a drunken squirrel, he couldn’t believe his eyes. “Huh… I guess. Planet being round? Very much confirmed. Oh, I’m far up; dear me, it’s hard to move.”
Artorian floated high above the planet, fresh air constantly cycling in as his airtight suit slowly spun him. He stopped the vortex thrusts for the moment, the majority of his spin already reduced to almost nothing. Artorian moved about as best he could, and when his hand touched his chest plate he finally heard a new sound, though only on the inside. “Am… am I in the empty void around the earth? Why am I not falling?”
He just hung there, as though he was nailed to the sky. The slow turn let him see the world, and then, as he slowly spun further, he saw an endless carpet of beautiful, shining stars. He was stressed, but literal heavens... the view was breathtaking.
Artorian hung there for a while, simply focusing on his breathing, as nothing seemed to be coming after him for a follow-up punt. The vortexes he released prevented any further upward trajectory. He didn’t know which was more frightening of a concept: going further up and out, or falling back down to the world below. Thus Artorian chose to entertain neither, instead shifting his mind toward problem solving.
“All right… all right. Make a list. We’re alive! Alive is the best thing to be, in order to make plans work. I’m not being chased, I’m not falling in any direction… except maybe sideways? Am I falling sideways, or is the world below me turning? It’s hard to tell. I can’t move very well, but I could never do much before, regardless. Essence reserves? About D-rank five. Not nothing… but not much. If I could descend enough to turn the heat back on, I could siphon fire in a hurry.” He ruminated on that option for a moment. Could he continue falling sideways?
Contemplating the landmass below, he discovered that there was an awful lot of water around the single continent that constituted the world’s landmass. Best not to go sideways. If he hit water, that might be the end of it all. Even if Deverash had mentioned the suit was meant for deep-sea exploration, he wasn’t keen to test anything unnecessary at the moment.
Right, the Gnome! “Oh… I’m so sorry, Deverash. I hope you get out of the encounter that this fool is responsible for.”
He closed his eyes, drawing another deep, heavy breath. His thoughts wandered to the Modsognir clan. Rota and his dice, Don, and Dimi. He hoped they managed that Mage encounter… somehow. The reality was likely grim. Artorian could only hope that in the month he’d been dormant, thanks to that pill, the Dwarves had managed some genius trickery. His view turned to the stars once again. All this slow spinning was something he wasn’t very fond of.
Spinning? If not falling sideways, what about a large corkscrew drop where the falling happened at a constant angle? It would provide an Essence source for him to draw upon, and he could aim for land… of a sort. Anywhere except east was fine. Though, he got so very hot from reverse-falling. Maybe somewhere cold? North was cold. North also had mountains. “North it is! Now for the ‘getting there’ portion of the problem.”
Artorian tugged in his Presence, in order to stop feeling like such a large object, and flicked on his starlight Aura. The comfort inside the skin plate drastically improved. He was cleaned, soothed, and relaxed both in muscle and mind. If someone was still tracking him using his Aura… honestly, at this point, he didn’t care. What were they going to do—come up here and get him?
He shouldn’t have asked, as he felt a knock on his mind. Like someone gently tapping at the door. Or what counted as gentle, considering the distance the knock had come from. It felt wholly familiar. The Wood Elf memories flooded back to him, and he relaxed as he closed his eyes and swung open the mental gate. The incoming voice was fractured, but abyss... did it bring a smile to his face.
<Tell me you aren’t where I think you are right now.>
Artorian exhaled deeply, comfort finding him even in the dark of space as Dawn gained enough connection to make a proper communicative latch with her human. <It is so, so good to hear your voice, Ember.>
A moment of silence threatened to pull him from the lull, but Dawn’s message must have had a delay. That they could speak like this at all was a blessing, but Artorian wasn’t surprised that the first use of it was to berate him.
<Do you have any idea how worried I was when I couldn’t track flickers of your starlight Aura after you left the Dwarven holds? Then, finally, you flicker back, and you’re in…> Some background chatter occured. It half sounded like she was verifying a location using maps, while other people disbelievingly bickered. <Morovia! You flickered in Morovia, and then pop! You appear in high orbit just now. I nearly made volcanoes erupt from the panic that shot through me, you inconsiderate bearded fluff! Tell me you’re all right!>
The despair was so full in her voice that Artorian couldn’t help but fall into his grandfatherly ways, his speech softening as he replied. <I’m well, my dear. I’m just… hanging out. I’ll figure out how to get back down. That Mage tossed me good; the survival praise goes to your armor. Without it, I would have burned up on exit. Mind if I ask how we’re talking at all? If you could do this the entire time, I figured you’d never have dropped the connection.>
Replies took a while, but that was fine. Artorian wasn’t alone, and that meant the world to him. Even if he could clearly and neatly see the whole world turning below him while he calmly fell sideways. He couldn’t really look behind himself, but when he turned once more from the natural spin, he saw the moon he was looking for. It was so, so much farther away than he’d ever thought. It wasn’t possible to throw someone to the moon, though Skyspear had gotten planetside somehow. He shook his head, clearing his thoughts as the response came in.
Dawn sounded less panicked. Not settled or comforted, but firm and steeled at the knowledge that there was a way to salvage this. <What’s your Essence level?>
Right to brass tacks and problem solving it was, then. So much for his question. <I’m at D-rank… oh. Four. I was at five a while ago. That crept up on me, I didn’t even notice the loss.>
With Artorian’s voice gaining hints of worry, Dawn filled him in with the steady calm of a seasoned veteran. She couldn’t afford for both of them to panic, but if her human did, the outcome would be far worse. She could freak out later.
<The air creation Runes are going non-stop, which means that your Aura is being eaten away to keep you breathing. You’re going to have to figure out how to come down, and soon. My armor was never designed to go out where you are. I’m just glad to see that it can last even this long. Most of my armor’s functions were stripped when I converted it so that you could use it. The tools we’d normally have had for safe landing are… gone.>
He heard her swallow, which was odd, given that this was a purely mental connection. Though with S-rank shenanigans at play, it likely went deeper than the Wood Elf version could. Luckily for him, Dawn explained that exact thing to keep him calm.
<I’m using the Cloud-Mind technique, but it’s heavily altered. I can only converse at a distance with a single person, but the requirements skyrocket. I need several intimate knowledge sympathies for this to work. A physical object, a nonphysical object, a metaphysical object, a Law connection that fits my theme, and an Essence signature. In order: you, the bonfire, your sun Core, you being out in space, and your starlight Presence. I am overpowering the cost for distance with my personal energy, and this is draining, even for me. I’m ignoring what I’m paying because you’re more important to me than my current cultivation progress.>
Artorian smiled. Dawn sounded so huffy near the end, as if she didn’t want anyone to know the state of her fondness. The shift of her mental age must be allowing her to re-experience the entirety of what it was like to be young, with all the uncertainties and oddities that came with it.
<You’re the best, Emby. I’ve got some ideas on how to get back down. I’m just going to get very, very hot doing so. It sounds like the connection is going to break as soon as I leave… wherever it is that I am. The place that is very high up. I’m just… partially glad to know I was being tracked? I wasn’t expecting it to be you.>
Dawn’s reply was hasty, and some of the message garbled out into static. The cost was getting to her. <Multiple sympathies are needed, and objects are important. Use your Aura all you want; it’s not enough for tracking unless I’m doing it. Even when I first found you in the Skyspear, I was using several connectors all at once. Just… come home.>
Artorian mentally nodded, and the connection fizzled out. Another deep breath, and the vortexes on his shoulders and knees spun back into activity. They forced directional movement, and stabilized him fully out of the spin cycle as a careful planetside descent slowly began.
What a story this would be, if he survived this. He supposed… since he was up here anyway, he could… peek? Essence cycled to his eyes, and the planet burst to life with colors, patterns, dots, and more. The entire sphere was alive, coated and filled with a hive of complex activity.
“My celestials… it’s so... beautiful.”
Chapter Ten
Grimaldus felt queasy at the sight. He’d lost his breakfast once already, and it just didn’t get any easier. No, it wasn’t the sight. It was the smell. He could taste the odor as it wafted through the air like Soulskunk stink each time another battalion of the dead rose. When flesh sloughed off skeletons that burst free of their meaty confines, that awful stench accompanying the visceral remains struck the young necromancer repeatedly.
“Beautiful, is it not?” Ghreziz’s guttural voice bled from his throat, forcing a wincing smile onto Grim’s features.
He replied with caution and practiced deference. “As you say, my lord High Mageous.”
The claw that squeezed onto his shoulder wasn’t so much a crushing Presence, as it was a reminder to steadfastly use the correct terminology. Grim’s entire body seized up; the sheer emanations of power the ‘creature’ expelled rivaled that of their queen. Ghreziz was a true necromancer, and more than that. The name didn’t belong to the person who owned the body, it was the name of the thing that had been invited in.
A demon.
They all came with names that required the speaker to partially throw up in order to spell them correctly, and the demons he had met in the last few days all had the same fascination with the most minute details of sadism. When Ghreziz spoke, Grimaldus felt nails screeching down the chalkboard of his soul. “Your subservience is pleasing, Vizier.”
The pressure lifted, and Grimaldus stole a breath as he staggered to remain on his feet. He coughed out the words, bowing to the creature. “Beauty… is in the eye of the beholder, my lord. It does not escape this insignificant one’s notice that your gaze appears all-reaching. I know not the true necromantic ways, even though I carry the spark. I can only look to my betters for guidance, superior beings such as yourself.”
Ghreziz had recently discovered that he adored being schmoozed. His shoulders rolled, the toothy smile splitting his morphic face as his mouth connected quite literally from ear to ear. Rows upon rows of knives were visible in the place where one could mistake them for teeth. Having his ego rubbed with deft strokes of a painter’s brush just… did something for him.
The delight had not escaped Grimaldus’ notice, and the son of the Fringe played heavily to any advantage that found its way to his fingertips. Pride, ego, and honor were all traits abandoned long ago.
Rather than crushing Grim’s shoulder for amusement, Ghreziz slid his open-palm claws upon his apprentice’s back. The reverberation of his voice rose from cold platitudes to eager engagement. “Oh, you will go far, young abyssalite. You may be a mere corpseraiser and bonewalker, but with correct guidance, you will be commanding shambling horrors and Ghouled armies in no time at all!”
Grimaldus said nothing as he walked with the demon. Not that he had a choice. In appearance, the necromancer looked like the most unimpressive ordinary human when not using any of its metamorphic traits. Together, they stood upon the precipice of the fourth tier of the Ziggurat, and Grim felt his stomach drop at the view.
Millions of undead stood in neat, orderly rows where encampments of people had once clawed for survival. Everything from the lowest skeleton to multi-prefix-entities found a designated place in order to be tallied and accounted for.
The meaty slap of a body hitting rock made both of them look to the left. Something had fallen from above and crumpled into an indignant, bloody mess. Ghreziz looked to the sky, as that was where the body had come from, at significant speed, in fact. The High Mageous thumbed a single droplet of blood from his cheeks—back splatter from the impact.
A black robed Mage descended from the point at which Ghreziz was looking, another unimpressive looking necromancer easing down onto a knee once he was at their level. His eyes had been replaced with obsidian chunks, or something similar, judging by how they looked. When the Mage spoke, Grim deduced that this man was also a dual-soul occupying a single body. That vomit voice started doing its thing.
“Torture Savant Ghreziz, your servant, Scream Chaser Cadaverous, has caught and delivered an… interloper. Several more of their number have been put to service. A sizable force attempted to invade, but we have… seen to them.”
Grim dropped his gaze away from the black-eyed monstrosity and frowned as he recognized a surprising amount of features on the remains of what was once a person. The knowledge that demons had their own equally unsavory titles between themselves was a tidbit he didn’t know what to do with. He put it in his pocket for the moment as he cocked his head during inspection. “I recognize this one.”
Ghreziz did so enjoy easy answers. Cadaverous had not known what he had caught, so his bat-like wingspan pulled into his spine with fleshy pops as he reverted to a more humanoid form to hear the answer. It seemed all demon-possessed had these odd transformational features. Ghreziz bade Grim to explain. “Speak, Abyssalite.”
Cadaverous’ ear twitched, but he said nothing as he noted the specific title that his superior called the… mortal... who was significantly below the threshold that made one worthy of attention. Abyssalite was a lofty title for a tool. The young necromancer took a knee next to the body and traced a finger along the jawline. “This is Fiona. A Friar from Chasuble, a servant of the Church. They came many weeks ago to demand this region as their own, seeking to depose my mistress and lay a claim.”
Both of the demons chortled sickeningly. Apparently, something Grim had said had been… funny? Ghreziz stomped on the head of the Mage. Rather than splattering like Grim had expected, Fiona’s entire body imploded into a gaseous cloud of sparkly, translucent energy. He didn’t have a clue what he was looking at, but the High Mageous slurped it from the air as if drawing it in through a straw. *Mmm.*
Ghreziz seemed pleased, but displeasure slowly dawned on his face. “Yuck. Celestial. I understand the issue. You have carved well this moon-cycle, Cadaverous. Find yourself a screamer to create music with; you have earned this.”
Cadaverous set one foot before the other, and threw both his arms up wide with palms upturned before bowing deep enough for his head to dip below his belt line. His body cracked, popped, and tore from the inside out as a giant feral bat replaced the ordinary human guise. Scream Chaser flew off for his prize, and Grimaldus was left locked in place, speechless and pale at the excessive and visceral examples of easily abused power.
Grim tried not to quiver his jaw as the words rolled out. “What… was that?”
Ghreziz held his stomach, looking as if he’d eaten some rotten fish. He eased moments later, delighted to sell a young necromancer on the tenets of his particular beliefs. “That little snack? The Otherworldly are sacks of free energy, drinks that merely require stirring before consumption. That, my young abyssalite, was an advanced showing of demon cultivation. Rather than bother with painstaking, disgusting meditation or this awful malady called ‘refining’, we simply take the fruits of labor that another has so kindly prepared for us.”
The confusion still showing on the young necromancer’s face didn’t please him. Subverting a follower to the herd was only useful if they understood the message they were presented with. This Vizier was a cut smarter than the rest, but without a demon in him, he was… incomplete.
“Hmmm. An Otherworldly is… your Mages? You are a ‘worldly,’ as you have not shifted between the pages of existence yet. You know of cultivating, yes? I can feel the waiting meal roiling in your chest, even if the tinge of the moth hangs heavy upon the surface. Yet it is but a tinge—you have not sold yourself fully to the hours of Favor. A wise choice, when better forces bid for your screams.”
Grimaldus really wanted to run, but he stood his ground. This was crucial and key! He’d been working for days to try to get one of the higher-up demons to open up about advancement opportunities. This was the sixth time he’d been approached. It concerned the topic of what particular camp he should stand in, and how theirs was the best choice… if only he’d sign the dotted line. His silence allowed Ghreziz to continue. Silence, after all, was not a request to halt.
“Demon cultivation doesn’t care for the state of the… other cultivator. It only cares that you take, and take all, in bountiful plenty. The advanced method allows this to be performed on Mages. It is one of the few methods, if not the only one, that lets an abyssal cultivate from Mana directly. Otherwise you’d have to… ugh… trade. It comes with the minor caveat that your Law tier needs to be higher than what you’re eating, and the devouring lines must align. Ah, ‘affinity channels’ for you. Don’t eat something you’re not suited to. Nasty case of… indigestion. I think of it as pretendahol.”
Grimaldus had a puzzle piece in his hands that he thought he understood, but… wasn’t sure. “Pretend… alcohol?”
The High Mageous raucously laughed to itself about its awful joke. Terrible jokes must be quality material where he was from. He slapped his own stomach, which had distended quite a bit. The belch that followed shortly after caused Ghreziz to expel all the celestial Mana that would have killed him outright, had he tried to absorb it. Instead he’d sucked the surrounding Mana clean, like nibbling a fish clear off around the bones before spitting the remains out.
“Ah. Yes! I delight in the knowledge that The Master keeps the company of those whose servants don’t have rot for brains. So. Interested in learning how?”
Grimaldus had arrived at a turning point faster than he’d hoped. This was a point of no return, and he knew that if he went through with it, this would change him irrevocably as a person. Still, Grandfather’s primary directive shone tall and bright. Stay alive.
He bowed deeply, but this time, he copied the method and fashion the other demon had presented. Repeating his earlier words: “I can only look to my betters for guidance. You are most gracious, great Ghreziz the Grandiose.”
The demon had that disgusting little wriggle traverse over his shoulders again. The pride in this one stood tall as a tower. Ghreziz was pleased, and with an arm around his new abyssalite, he made his way to ground level. Grimaldus received his fair share of looks, but none were about to risk becoming a meal to the Savant-class demon. Necromancers got out of his way, regardless of how busy they might be with raising the dead and organizing them all. Control would be tethered to appropriate individuals, after the undead were measured and tested so they could be found the best home with the correct necromancer.
Ghreziz noted his abyssalite’s knowledge-hungry observations of the rituals, sigils, and processes of how the undead were coming to be. Many of the methods were obscured and unknown to him. Had the High Mageous not been ferrying him along, Grim would have run off to ask questions. He had no need to run off when Ghreziz the Grandiose blessed him with his Presence, as the demon took intimate delight in showing off just how much better and smarter he was.
“Be not teased with the appetizers of these paltry methods. You will come to know truths that will have you replace your eyes just so you can handle the breaking reality that rends minds and will tear asunder your soul.”
As a dual-soul High Mageous, when they passed other necromantic High Mageouses, the lesser ones stood to the side so Ghreziz could pass. The power play was exactly why the demon had chosen this route, wanting to hammer that extra nail of delight in as it sated itself with sadistic plenty. “*Mmmh.* It’s so good.”
When he noticed Grim’s eyes still had not moved away from what he considered appetizers, he saw fit to sweeten the buffet. “Your raising of the undead… I have seen them. A connection to the top of the spine at the back of the skull? Paltry. You will only raise the most mindless and basic of skeletal minions.”
“All leashes build upon one another. The loss of flesh is a greater detriment than one might think. Broaden the connection to the entire spine, and you will raise a zombie. Interconnect significant portions of the brain with your leash, and you will raise Ghouls. Ignore the skeletal structure entirely and mold the flesh, and you will have slimes and oozes that can act as your assassins or absorb blows that would reduce all other minions to pulp.”
“This is the apex of what you can attain until you become Otherworldly. While the methods here would have you raising amalgamations, or flesh golems, or other physical entities, where prefixes just start getting tacked on like a cheap children’s toy… abyssal teachings will grant you access to ghosts, wraiths, and specters in your Otherworldly days. If eventually you become a ‘Surpassed,’ then you too will be able to call more than mere demons from the layers below. I know just the one that would be an excellent match to complete you.”
“My thanks, Great Ghreziz,” Grimaldus let the praise pour from his lips easily.
Ghreziz’s ear-to-ear smile toothily returned as they stopped in front of… Tychus’s quarters? How had he known where this was? The demon’s voice bubbled with vicious delight, causing the plans in Grimaldus’s head to shatter into a thousand tiny glass shards. “Oh don’t thank me yet, abyssalite. That comes after you have taken the first step onto the path of demonic cultivation. To start on the path of demonic cultivation, only one prepared meal will show your devotion…”
“Your brother.”
Chapter Eleven
Hot. Hot. Hot!
No amount of Essence siphoning was removing all of the heat. Only a small portion of the friction caused Essence to split from the raw energy that Artorian was moving through, and he couldn’t do much against mundane physics.
Reentry was a damaging affair. Without enough Essence to keep Ember’s armor repaired, it took the brunt of the stressors. He was surrounded in a scorched chunk shortly after he’d reentered the air-laden atmosphere, and the return to sound and instant terminal velocity had been a lesson in panic control.
His vortex thrusters sputtered out, ineffective outside of the vacuum and gravity-minimized void of the mesosphere. Instead, he’d caught fire as the balancing pushes became entirely useless against the raw velocity of his fall. A proper fall, this time—not that it made it any better—but it beat the upward one! The landing might change his opinion, but he wasn’t sure yet.
Artorian was in a death spiral, diving toward the ground without an iota of control. “Oh, come now, there must be some way to get some degree of mastery over this descent!”
His mind raced to find an answer, though he screamed the entire way down… save the few breaths needed to restart the shrieking as the planet prepared to give him a hug. She was getting awfully close and detailed. “Think, think!”
Diving. He was diving. Animals dove. Fish dove. Fins wouldn’t be of any help here! Birds dove! Yet he didn’t have the mighty wing power that even the most basic of tweet-tweets boasted. Then again, the fins were in the same boat. He’d tried making some hard-light panels beneath him, but he crashed and tore through them like a rock breaking through surface tension.
Another Nixie Tube plinked to life above his head. Did it… have to be a panel? “Panic mode engaged. Dumb ideas, maximized!”
The second tallest snow-covered mountain was named ‘The Epitaph’. It would have been the tallest mountain in the world, had someone not cheated eons ago and tossed down a chunk of moon rock. The air up on the summit was paper thin, but that didn’t bother its sole occupant in the slightest.
High Mageous Woah the Wise, bound to the Empyreal Law, monitored the heavens like a steadfast observatory. The Lunar Elf was a monotone effigy. He studied the sky, the movements of the heavens, the will of the celestial, and the functions of planetary bodies. Little had changed over the last few centuries, according to meticulous and guaranteed-to-be-accurate records of comets, recurring eclipse patterns, and planetary alignments.
Little dented the needle on his compass, and even burning comets that streaked across the sky at best got a minute scribble in his latest diary entry, regardless of whether this was the second trespasser approaching at generous speeds from above in the last few years. He had the exact measurement of expected movements—down to the day, even—given the exact position of all the other planets and stars. He just couldn't be bothered to go look it up. Was pretending to be a comet becoming some kind of meme? Woah sighed deeply. He missed memes.
The flaming wreckage impacted the side of the mountain next to his own at a bizarre, twisting angle, like it had been trying to alter its trajectory midway and had partially succeeded. The gout of snow that erupted as a plume from that multi-mile-high berg temporarily doubled the mountain in height.
Woah determined that the temporary change didn’t count. All the chunky white fluff would fall back down, and his mountain would remain the tallest in the area. More importantly, The Epitaph had the best rock foundation below it. The barreling projectile was going to have to deal with the actual mountain hidden below all that ice and crushed snow. Specifically the U-shaped ramp that particular one had. It was going to shoot out right… about… now.
Artorian felt the temperature differential snap and shatter his armor into pieces. Chunks fell right off him as the iridium shell fractured into countless fragments from the intense and sudden changes in pressure, velocity, and temperature. Hot metal didn’t do so well when suddenly introduced to sub-zero cold.
The great majority of the durability in Ember’s armor had been eaten up by reentry. The rest of it was spent by the impact through several sheets of ice, the enormous hill of snow it had the misfortune of meeting, and an impact curvature that sent it into a self-destructive roll.
The Runes, Arrays, and functions had almost all blipped out during the great fall. Most of the Runes had outright crackled from overuse and being forced far over the brink of capacity. They had melted and deformed with an electric snap before the Runes gave out and died. Even the Arrays had survived only until impact. Both the pressure defenses and the temperature protections became overburdened, overloaded, then sang their last.
The philosopher learned what birds must have felt like as they were pushed out of the nest. Erupting from the side of the mountain as the curved bend changed his momentum and velocity to ‘sideways,’ he sucked in a deep breath as Ember’s armor exploded. The vision duplication was one of the last Runes to go; sight fizzing out as a final lifesaving shrapnel mechanism activated. The human was unceremoniously spat out of the exploding shell, fully unarmored. The gear had completed its task and perished under several tons of collapsing ice and snow on what had previously been the fourth-tallest mountain.
The instant cold bit deeply into Artorian’s skin. Realization that he was no longer protected came quickly. His earlier survival efforts had only been quasi-successful, allowing him to realign with that curving bend. A direct impact would have made him go *squish* outright. A redirected one… he was sore, likely had a few things broken, he wasn’t feeling the best, and he now needed to quickly account for frostbite. But he was alive! Alive, and much closer to the ground. Only then did it occur to him that his falling journey hadn’t yet concluded. “Oh, snap.”
Woah the Wise considered catching the no-longer-burning-comet-turned-man. It wasn’t every day that you saw a celestial body break the atmosphere and spit out… a different body. Still, it didn’t dent the needle. Instead of looking up, he took a downward gander for a change. The Lunar Elf moved, but his colorations didn’t. The current positioning of the moons shaded him in peculiar dark and white masses of grayscale contrast that cared nothing for his relative position. No matter where he was, Woah’s body was a direct reflection of the current phases of the dual moons.
Observing the sideways projectile that was not free from the laws of gravity, he rose a brow as the ‘man’ twisted in place, balled up into himself, and then stretched his extremities outwards as… huh. Woah knew what tyrant owls were. He knew their shape, general design, behavior, the works. He had never quite seen anything like them. He thought of this because, as the man stretched himself out, gargantuan wings of hard light unfurled from his back.
Truly massive celestial-energy constructs that mimicked a tyrant owl’s wingspan took their first flap from the human’s back. They had a matching design and overall look to the creature’s wings. They were detailed! Fully formed scapula and alula. Properly aligned marginal, primary, and secondary coverts, and absolutely colossal primary and secondary feathers. Someone had studied avian anatomy! A full sixty to eighty feet seemed to be the width of a single wing, from the tip of the outermost primary feather to the base of what must have been a spinal connection. “Well done.”
Artorian had never flown before, nor had he gone through the experience of having wings. Dumb ideas might work when lucky, but they didn’t mysteriously give you a working memory of how to use them. Much like a baby tweet-tweet, he got a crash course. In his case, it looked like it was going to involve a lot of crash. Hopefully, his course was one that involved mostly gliding.
*Fwumph*!
When the human plowed headfirst into another oversized snow pile, this time at ground level, Woah got up, brushed off his starry robes, and descended near the man with a single hop. It didn’t much matter to the Lunar Elf that he’d started his leap from the top of a mountain. Those were trivial details to a High Mageous. His voice was a jovial musing, droning as he addressed the comet-wannabe. “Didn’t quite manage to be a star, appearances notwithstanding.”
