
*****************************************************
*****************************************************
Your ebook has decrypted.
The TXT file just save 20% of ebook content.
Please register the software, then get all contents and the valid ebook format.
*****************************************************
*****************************************************


    Forest of Desire
a novel
by Vasily Mahanenko
THE ALCHEMIST
Book 2
Magic Dome Books
Forest of Desire
The Alchemist, Book # 2
Copyright © V. Mahanenko 2020
Cover Art © Ivan Khivrenko 2020
Cover Design © V. Manyukhin 2020
English translation copyright © Jared Firth 2020
Published by Magic Dome Books, 2020
All Rights Reserved
ISBN: 978-80-7619-175-4
This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Amazon.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental..
New and upcoming releases from
Magic Dome Books:
If you like our books and want to keep reading, download our FREE Publisher's Catalog, a must-read for any LitRPG fan which lists some of the finest works in the genre:
Tales of Wonder and Adventure: The Best of LitRPG, Fantasy and Sci-Fi (Publisher's Catalog)
Table of Contents:
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Epilogue
Chapter 1
“COLD EXPLOSION… You’re dead, Tailyn Vlashich…”
“Alchemical fire… You’re dead, Tailyn Vlashich…”
“Acid. Your shield’s gone; your armor was eaten away, too. You’re dead, Tailyn Vlashich…”
Tailyn got to his feet and shot an annoyed glance over at Berad, a level thirty-two ranger who was doubled over laughing. Calling the whole thing a waste of time, the caravan leader was openly mocking the boy’s attempts to fight back against Valanil. He was convinced mages capable of using cards should stick to them rather than jumping around the field like a goat with its butt on fire.
But in those moments, all Tailyn could do was sigh heavily and nod to let Valanil know he was ready for the next round. The Culmart herbalist was hurling in his direction pieces of wood that had been painted different colors to stand in for alchemical flasks. It was Tailyn’s job to pick out the color, say what the flask had inside, and correctly respond to the throw — duck, block, or turn and run. Everything depended on the contents of what Valanil was tossing at him. Six months earlier, back when he’d just begun training, Tailyn had protested that she only ever threw potions he had no way of protection himself against. Since then, Valanil had written down on a piece of paper the exact order she was going to follow and stuck to it, throwing the pieces of wood in that sequence. But that didn’t really help. Not once had Tailyn been able to avoid death even ten times out of every thirty throws.
“You’re not just a mage,” Valanil always said. “You’re an alchemist! Your strength isn’t cards; it’s the ability to create and use different potions to match the situation. Remember the City of the Dead — the moment you ran out of charges for your cards, you were dead weight. You couldn’t charge them, and you couldn’t do anything to fight back against the mages. You couldn’t do anything! Tailyn Vlashich, you have to get stronger. Go pick up the pieces and bring them over here so we can go again.”
It was only once, the day after he began training, that Tailyn made the mistake of not falling in line with his trainer, and Valanil decided to show him up. After heading a hundred meters away, she turned and yelled back at the boy.
“Stop me any way you can! No matter how, just stop me!”
The herbalist sprinted toward the stunned kid, who hadn’t so much as pulled out his cards, and threw a freeze potion that turned Tailyn’s legs into pieces of ice. And that was despite his armor and shield level. His regeneration told him it was going to need a good five hours to restore him to working order, but Valanil wasn’t done. As soon as Tailyn had recovered, she jumped in for another round.
“Stop me. Whatever it takes!”
That time, Tailyn wasn’t caught sleeping. As soon as she started moving, enormous balls of fire came flying at her, accompanied by electric strikes. The boy had become adept at using his cards, switching the order around with just an eye movement. His third-generation outdoor headgear for mages, or OHM-III, made that as easy as pie.
But it was useless. The herbalist ignored the fireballs and paid no attention to the electricity. Running up to the boy, she tossed another potion at him, that time liquid fire. And Tailyn howled like he’d never howled before. The heat cut through his shield and baked him alive, while Valanil did nothing to ease his suffering. But six hours later, once his regeneration had brought him back from the brink, and his costume had restored itself, Valanil tried a third time.
“Stop me. Whatever it takes.”
She went back to the hundred-meter mark. That round, Tailyn decided to go all out, bringing his wave of fire, his most powerful weapon, to bear. It was better to mourn the herbalist’s death than let her mutilate him yet again, he decided. But oh, how naïve he was. Valanil didn’t run at him. Striding easily, she moved right through the inferno, the flames doing exactly nothing to her. Tailyn spent fifty charges, turning the field they were training on into scorched earth, but the herbalist just laughed it off. Her third flask contained an acid that had the boy wishing he were back to being burned alive. Feeling his flesh dissolve, that was real pain.
Twelve hours later, Tailyn had wised up and was standing in front of Valanil ready to get back to training. The question of how was plastered all over his face, and the herbalist responded by showing him the description of one of her flasks.
Salamander Potion. Description: rare item. Forms a Salamander Skin that lets you ignore thermal damage for 30 seconds.
“People who actually are alchemists rather than just sporting the title have lots of tricks up their sleeves. There’s a potion that answers any card a mage might use. Just take that Nemean lion — you can put it to sleep. If I’d had my arsenal with me, we would have left the City of the Dead at the head of an army of captive lixes… I got too used to peace and quiet…”
It was a bald-faced lie. Valanil had only gotten the potions she had with her a couple days before, but the boy didn’t need to know that.
“There’s a lot you need to learn, Tailyn Vlashich, and if you’d like to continue, you need to declare me your trainer. That’s the only way I can pass my knowledge on to you.”
Valanil Revolt would like to be your trainer. Accept?
And that was when Tailyn’s life changed. Valanil cut a deal with Motar, and every day when his lessons with the herbalist were over, the boy had sword and dagger lessons. He didn’t have anything else to do, either — Isor continued to ignore him — so he just spent twelve hours a day training. But Tailyn didn’t even have the rest of the time to relax, spending it studying the encyclopedia Valia had given him. Soon enough, he cursed whoever had written it, the girl, and really the process itself. You couldn’t just open the book and read whatever you wanted. Instead, Tailyn had to start from the very first page and memorize the whole thing. The book somehow knew when he was reading as opposed to when he was just leafing through, and it would keep him from turning to the next page. Not only that, but it also knew when he’d forgotten something he’d read before, pulling it back up to relearn. Over the previous six months, Tailyn had made it a third of the way and hated the book with all his heart. But he was at least positive that even if someone woke him up in the middle of the night and tested him on it, he’d be able to quote any of the paragraphs he’d learned.
“That’s enough for today.” Another series of thirty pieces of wood had come and gone with just six blocked correctly. “You’re not seeing the colors anymore.”
“They’re impossible to see,” the boy muttered as he dug around in the grass to find the stick. “It’s dark out!”
“You think the enemy is going to wait for you to rub your eyes?” the woman replied harshly. “Set up the training dummy and get to work with your sword.”
It was the caravan’s second week spent moving through the Gray Lands. Made up of ten covered wagons packed with people, Tailyn thought it strange that most of them were numerical farmers, herdsmen, and tanners. They were all scared stiff and huddled together. Afraid to catch so much as a glimpse of the area around them, they didn’t even get out of the wagons, though Tailyn wasn’t exactly at ease, either. There were all too many rumors floating around when it came to the Gray Lands. It was supposedly populated with monsters, lixes running free, and a new horror sitting behind each bush. But two weeks later, they’d come across nothing but the odd tree, enormous boulders, and deep ravines. The boy didn’t have time to think about that, however, as he spent all his time training. As soon as Valanil had heard that he was going to be sent off with the caravan, she ran off to talk with Isor. And while Tailyn had no idea what they discussed, she left her meeting with him the owner of a letter with his signature on it. Berad spent a long time turning it over and holding it up to the light, suspecting a trick, and he even went to see Isor himself, but in the end he had to throw up his hands and free up another spot in the caravan. Valanil was going with them.
Of course, beyond the peasants, there were serious fighters, too — ten people just as morose and austere as the caravan leader. All of them topped level thirty, they were well equipped, and they kept their eyes fixed on their surroundings in search of anything out of the ordinary. At the beginning, Tailyn tried to strike up a conversation with them. They just stared right through him, however, and since there was no point talking with the numericals, he was left with Valanil. She’d let him know that Valia really had disappeared more than a month before. Her father had put together a manhunt, setting an incredible reward, only she’d been kidnapped in a completely different part of the empire than the one they were in then.
After setting up the dummy, Tailyn sighed, pulled out his sword, and began dodging the advanced mechanism’s feints. Motar hadn’t told him where he’d gotten the monster. One day, he’d just shown up and announced that it was from all the guards and one other person, apologizing for how rude they’d been and thanking the boy for saving their lives. The human-like device didn’t just stand there; it was practically alive. It moved, spun, attacked, sliced. For the first few months, Tailyn toiled away at the inept level before moving up to novice. Finally, he'd mastered the first three of seven apprentice training levels.
“Quiet down!” barked one of the guards, though Tailyn ignored him. He much preferred swordplay to figuring out and reacting to the pieces of wood. And judging by the progress bar that showed up every time he started training, he was already halfway to the fourth level, or senior apprentice. He’d had to unlock the strength and agility attributes to feel more comfortable with the whole thing. Of course, he knew they were pointless for someone who could use cards, but Valanil had insisted he diversify his weaponry, even giving him the gold so he could unlock the attributes without burning through his savings. With that said, the boy had parted ways with a thousand gold of his own to unlock a little something else.
Strength. Description: an attribute that impacts your stamina and ability to lift weights. Note! For the Alchemist class, this attribute does not affect physical attack. Does not integrate with Enhancement.
***
Agility. Description: an attribute that impacts your speed, mobility, and coordination. Note! For the Alchemist class, this attribute does not affect physical attack. Does not integrate with Enhancement.
***
Concealment. Description: an attribute that lets you hide your parameters from other people, including by replacing them. In order to read your name, level, and age, the other person’s Perception should be equal to or higher than your Concealment.
Leveling-up his strength and agility seemed like an absurd idea to Tailyn. Not only that, but just having them meant that if he got an update to the coordinates or ancient history missions, the god might spend invaluable points on an attribute he didn’t need in the least. Speaking of missions, the day after getting back to Culmart, the boy had headed off to see the god and get some answers. He’d been looking to find out what “release,” “player,” and “exodus” meant. But he came up empty.
That information will be made available after your initiation is complete.
“I told you to stop!” The training sword was yanked out of his hands. Tailyn stopped, breathing heavily, as he’d been fighting off the dummy on reflexes alone the whole time he’d been reminiscing. Checking the settings, he couldn’t help but smile — he was just 32% away from senior apprentice. Reaching the next level was going to take a month at the most.
“What’s wrong?” Valanil asked, showing up next to him. “Why did you stop practicing?”
“The leader gave orders for quiet,” the guard shot back rudely. “We’re close to red lix territory.”
Tailyn looked around. Regardless of the falling darkness, everything within a hundred meters was as plain as day thanks to his built-in scanner. Valanil had given him a great tip, having him head over to the market, buy simple hunter clothing, and turn his level three armor into them. There was a reason the academy mages all looked identical in their white robes despite the fact that they were actually wearing armor even better than Tailyn’s. And the boy had agreed — the idea was a good one. Seeing him as just one of them also helped everyone in Culmart forget the god’s terrifying tribunal and stop avoiding him.
“There’s something out there,” Tailyn said, squinting and hearing the guard’s scornful snort. Just like everyone else, all the latter saw were simple clothes. But the boy didn’t take his eyes off a large boulder right at the edge of his scanning range. His attention had been grabbed by a barely perceptible movement — it seemed like the stone had moved. And in the direction of the camp, too.
“There can’t be anything out there,” the guard deigned to answer, but Tailyn just raised his voice in excitement, pointing out into the darkness. The boulder really had moved. His perception gave him nothing, almost as if it were just a rock, but the boy grew surer with each passing second.
“There’s someone hiding under that rock. And they’re crawling toward us!”
The guard glanced oddly at the boy, no longer snorting.
“Where is he?” Valanil knew Tailyn wouldn’t panic without a good reason, so she activated her cards just in case. While she couldn’t show it, the Gray Lands scared her, too.
“Over there,” the boy said as he jabbed a finger into the darkness. “Do you really not see it?”
Suddenly, it hit the boy that neither the guard not Valanil could see what he was seeing, and so he decided to prove to everyone that he was right.
Ka-Li.
An enormous fireball soared into the sky. After reaching its set hundred meters, it began easing its way gently back down to earth, casting a red glow on everything in the near vicinity as it did. That made it easy to pick out the boulder the boy was pointing at. However, a popping sound was heard at the same time.
“That rock, the second from the left, is coming toward us. It — ” Tailyn was pointing, but a powerful kick knocked him to the ground before he could finish what he was saying.
“What are you doing, idiot?!” the guard yelled as he loomed over the boy. Valanil jumped over to protect her student, but the guard just threw her aside with a simple wave of his hand.
“Who launched that?” A sleepy Berad appeared out of the main wagon. When he saw Tailyn lying on the ground, his face twisted in rage. “You? Our defenses are down because of you! For that — ”
Nobody found out what he was going to get for his blunder. The fireball finally hit the ground, and night fell again. But just then, a prolonged lix howl broke out, and Tailyn could even tell what the creature was saying.
Outsiders in the steppe! We found them!
“Circle the wagons; horses in the middle!” Berad barked, quickly taking charge. “Prepare for battle!”
The caravan began moving. The wagons circled; the fires were put out. A few wagons were set right in the middle, and the numericals were all stuck under them. After making sure everything was well in hand, Berad went back over to the troublemakers.
“Why the hell did you launch that?” he asked ominously. Tailyn kept a guilty silence, leaving the guard to reply for him.
“He noticed Sloan, thought he was a monster, decided to show us.”
“And why the hell didn’t you tell him our guy was out there? That we have a protective dome over the camp and can’t breach it?” Berad exploded. “He’s a kid! A useless idiot just like all the rest of them. You know what, Zaril? Right now, you’re taking your position, but once this is over, you’re going to be the one to dig our waste holes until we get back to base. Go!”
“Is there anything we can help with?” Valanil asked.
“I’d tell you, but it’s not the time for that,” Berad replied angrily. “I wanted this to be nice and easy, but no, there’s always an idiot. Okay, let’s see what you’ve got.”
Berad Gor is inviting you to join Atrium.
Nothing changed for Tailyn. Without access to the functionality, he couldn’t see anyone else’s frames, though Valanil grunted enviously. Berad did, as well — he hadn’t known how useful Tailyn could be.
“You take the southern sector. Don’t let the animals get close to the wagons. Sloan! Get your ass over here!”
Tailyn jumped when the stone straightened up and turned into one of the caravan’s fighters. How high was his concealment if level two perception coupled with level thirteen enhancement was powerless against him?
“Tailyn, follow me!” Valanil ordered, and a few moments later they were on top of one of the wagons. A couple other fighters were on the neighboring wagons, so the southern flank was covered.
“How are your cards?”
“Maxed out.” Just in case, Tailyn checked them all, and another lix howl broke out right then.
They’re on the old road! I can sense crystal fences!
Valanil cursed. It was quiet enough that only Tailyn could hear her, but she didn’t hold back.
“Is something wrong?” Tailyn asked with a frown.
“We need to make a break for it as soon as the battle’s over,” the woman replied softly. “Here I am, trying to figure out why Isor sent you out on a campaign, and with a group like this, too. The old bastard! And I knew Valia wouldn’t be this easy to get back. Shit!”
“You understand the lixes,” Tailyn suddenly realized. “You know what they said!”
“Of course,” Valanil said as if it meant nothing. “And don’t even ask me what that took. But it was worth it — one kidnapping was enough. Now, I need to know what those animals are saying. If I’d understood your Ka-Do-Gir back in the City of the Dead, maybe I’d have been able to give you a warning.”
That explanation made enough sense that Tailyn relaxed. It was true — understanding your main enemies was important in the borderlands.
“But what’s so dangerous about crystal fences?” he asked as he looked around. The fighters were nervously peering into the dark, and the boy had no doubt most of them were using scanners that could see well beyond a hundred meters.
“They’re not taking us into lix territory to find Valia. That was just an excuse to safely get out of the city without raising suspicion. No, they’re here to trade the numericals for crystals.”
“But we destroyed the city! What would they need people for?” Tailyn asked in shock.
“Who said One was Halas’ only master? That lix is too strong to only have one. No, he needs new victims, and they’re carrying us to slaughter. And I jumped right in like an idiot…”
“Lixes!” someone shouted, and the air around them filled with screams of pain. But they weren’t human; it was the monsters. The attack had come from the eastern flank, the side Berad was guarding. Tailyn watched the whole area turn into a fiery carpet. The red lixes were very different from their black and green brothers, looking more like animals than intelligent creatures. Wild and unrestrained, they rushed fearlessly on ahead despite the fire in their path.
Tailyn’s attention was drawn by movement in the south — a dozen lixes were trying to flank around them. Apparently, not all of them wanted to die that idiotically. Tailyn decided to wait for them to get close enough to make his fire a sure thing, only they were in no hurry to approach the caravan. Not only that, but they were right at the edge of his scanning range. Neither his wave of fire nor fireballs were going to reach them. His electric strike might have, but there was no reason to spend charges yet as Tailyn wanted to see what the lixes were up to.
The creatures had bunched up and were discussing something, their arms gesticulating wildly. The boy looked around — Berad was still bathing the lixes on his side with fire. Still coming, they couldn’t care less about the losses they were taking, though the silence on the other sides of the caravan was unsettling. The reds couldn’t be that dumb. There was no such thing in a world as harsh as the one they lived in.
Tailyn’s attention was once again captured by the lixes on his side. Their meeting over, and they were setting up some kind of device. It was hard to tell from that distance what it was, though it spoke to the monsters’ intelligence regardless.
“Something’s about to happen,” the boy whispered to Valanil. “The lixes are setting up — ”
“Catapults!” one of the fighters shouted above the lix screams.
“Tailyn, shield! This is real!” An iron-reinforced rectangle the size of a door appeared in Valanil’s hands. Tailyn had never seen a shield that big — it would have been enough to shelter an entire wagon, let alone a person.
“Sloan, get to work!” Berad barked, unable to pull himself away.
“On it!” came a response from somewhere outside the circle, but that was when the enemy machines unleashed their fire. Tailyn’s scanner showed something like alchemical flasks flying in their direction, and his chest tightened. There were so many of them.
“Alchemical fire!” Valanil yelled, and Tailyn froze. A shield appeared in his hands, if not as big as Valanil’s. Still, it was plenty for him. There was no running from alchemical fire — when it hit the ground, it spread in every direction, scorching everything it touched. The only thing you could do was hide behind a shield and let it take the hit. Of course, the shield would be useless after that, but it was enough to survive. You just had to throw away the heated metal in time.
Tailyn pressed his shield against Valanil’s the way they’d practiced, in that moment realizing that actual battle was much simpler than the way they trained. His scanner worked hand in hand with his perception, which meant he knew what was coming their way even before the herbalist yelled it out. But those labels hadn’t been there during practice. It wasn’t fair.
Something hit their shields, glass shattered, and Valanil yelled at the boy.
“Get rid of it!”
The burning shields flew away from the wagon. Sadly, not everyone had been as lucky, with half the wagons burning brightly. Two mercenaries screamed as they rolled around on the ground. Nobody went over to help them, however — it was almost impossible to put out alchemical fire, and it didn’t look like anyone had the thick cover it would have taken.
“They’re reloading!” Tailyn saw the lixes fiddling with the catapults yet again. “It’s no good!”
Ka-Li… Ka-Li… Ka-Li…
Ten electric strikes rained down, and the lixes convulsed, no longer able to do damage.
“Where are you going?!” Valanil screamed when Tailyn leaped lightly down to the ground and ran off toward the enemy. Less than a hundred meters meant they were at most twenty seconds away, so the boy hit them yet again to give himself another thirty. What interested him were the five shimmering red flasks the lixes had dropped in the catapult. The creatures were all at level ten, so dealing with them quickly was out of the cards, and that left an awfully foolhardy move. Tailyn dropped the flasks into his inventory and pulled out his next card.
Ka-Li.
The wave of fire engulfed the lixes and told everyone else exactly where he was. And while he couldn’t wait forty seconds for the flames to burn themselves out, Tailyn at least got lucky in that the lixes died quickly and left their loot behind. There hadn’t been a message about loot in the group, so the boy held his breath and ducked quickly into his own fire. Placing a hand on a body, he dashed back out and brushed himself off, stunned as his own power. How long had he been in there? A second? Two? And his shield was almost a quarter gone. Opening his visor to let fresh air into his costume and get rid of the heat, Tailyn couldn’t suppress a grin. His plan was a success.
Loot received:
Alchemical Fire potion x15.
Acid Spittle potion x15.
Accelerated Growth potion x3.
Lesser Armor x8.
Intellect Ring-I.
Lesser Staff.
Turning around, Tailyn sprinted back toward the wagons only to just about trip and fall when the night sky was lit up with a red star Berad launched. That was immediately followed by the sound of a trumpet and a happy cry from the lixes.
Fall back! They’re friendlies! Move out!
Friendlies?
“You lost, kid?” Sloan appeared in front of Tailyn, who had stopped. “You picked the wrong time to start throwing fireballs around…”
The fighter held up a closed hand and blew into the boy’s face. Tailyn was surprised to notice he wasn’t holding a card, though that was the last thing he saw that night. His eyes rolled back, his legs wobbled, and he crashed to the ground.
The lotus pollen had worked instantaneously.
Chapter 2
“SO WE MADE a mistake. Happens to the best of us! We were expecting a caravan from Larunda, also a bunch of fences. But different ones! We saw the signal and figured you were them.” The red lix’s guttural voice pulled Tailyn back into the real world. He groaned, his head splitting, only he found that the groan was muffled by the gag in his mouth. But as soon as he broke out in a sweat, figuring his headgear had been stolen, he realized the card interface was still in place. He cursed to himself. Why had he pulled the visor back? The pollen wouldn’t have gotten through his hermetic seal.
“And that’s what you want me to tell Halas?” Berad replied rudely, and Tailyn’s attention switched entirely to the conversation. That name was too familiar. Not only that, but Berad was speaking with the lix in the creature’s own language, making yet another person who could understand them. It was getting to be a crowd. “That I wasn’t able to deliver the goods because of a tribe of reds?”
“Why would you tell him that?” the lix asked indignantly. “A human here, a human there, and the supreme leader won’t notice. But the reds will remember Berad’s kindness and reply in kind.”
“What do I care about your kindness?” the crystal fence asked with a snort. “I was taking Halas fifty bodies in exchange for five crystals. Now, I have twenty left, and half of them are just about burned to death. They might not live out the day. And it’s going to take us another week to get to the meeting point! This is a problem, Shaman Mu-Ro-Div. Honestly, I don’t know what to do.”
“Human, you’re great and powerful! Help us capture the caravan from Larunda, and you’ll get all the people they have. That despicable Finnie Elor is in charge — he doesn’t want to work with red lixes, thinks we’re stupid. And we want to get back at him for that.”
“Sloan?” Berad asked instead of replying.
“A serious player,” came the reply. “Ten fighters, all twenty-five or higher. Well-equipped, well-trained rangers. It won’t be easy.”
“We’ll overwhelm him,” the lix said. “We have lots of inferiors, and they don’t have anything to eat. They’ll go in first to attract attention. In the meantime, you can sneak in and take them out. Great loot. Great revenge. New slaves. Lots of slaves.”
“Finnie is at capacity,” Sloan replied in confirmation. “Seventy at least, enough for seven crystals. Plus ours…whoever’s left.”
“Okay, Mu-Ro-Div, let’s hear your plan.”
The voices dropped, and Tailyn couldn’t pick out a single word no matter how hard he tried. Finally, Berad laughed as he boomed out.
“Deal! I like your plan, Mu-Ro-Div. it should work, though I do have a problem — there are two mages in with my slaves. They need special treatment. I was paid well for the boy’s head, so he can’t make it back to the city, though he also needs to survive until our meeting with the blacks. Halas is going to give us two crystals for him. Got it?”
“How could I not get it, Berad, my friend? Your slaves are in good paws, their hands tied, their mouths shut. What are they going to do? Plus, one’s still tiny, and the other’s a female. Don’t worry! My best apprentice, one blessed by Halas, will keep an eye on them. Actually, he’s barely an apprentice — I’ll be learning from him soon enough! We can have your slaves back in our den within two days, and it’s just one more day to the Forest of Desire.”
New mission: Isor’s Betrayal. Description: you found out that your guardian, Isor Barka, paid a crystal fence to get you out of the city and have you destroyed. However, Berad Gor decided not to kill you, and instead sell you to the black lixes for two crystals. Go back to Culmart and accuse Isor Barka of attempted murder. You are permitted to ask for divine intervention in order to prove your innocence.
Divine intervention… Tailyn already knew what that was thanks to Valanil. There had been a paragraph on it right at the beginning of the book, too. As it turned out, not everyone was born with the same rights. Their opportunities depended on the family they were born into, with more doors open to them at higher ranks. For example, they could ask the god to settle arguments or punish wrongdoers. That was what Valia had been trying to do, only she’d made a mistake — despite everything he’d done, there had been nothing to punish Dort for. Tailyn, of course, thought death was too good for the other boy. But Valia had known what the consequences were, as they were beaten into the head of the highborn from day one. Her emotions had gotten the better of her, however. And she’d paid for that, the divine intervention turning around to bite her.
Tailyn’s nose tickled, and he lost his train of thought. An attempt to scratch it reminded him that his hands were tied. Almost as if on cue, his muscles began to ache, his body itched, and the tips of his fingers started going numb. Tailyn tried wiggling around to alleviate the discomfort, and that was when he saw Valanil. She’d been tied up far more rigorously than the boy had. With ropes wrapped around her entire body, and not just her arms and legs, she’d been turned into a completely immobile cocoon.
A light shone, and clawed paws grabbed the prisoners. Before he was thrown roughly into one of the wagons, Tailyn noticed the procession of bound numericals. They were standing there meekly, having resigned themselves to their fate, ready to follow the wagon the moment it started moving.
A plump lix sat down next to Tailyn and placed a spear against his throat. Feeling the cold metal, the boy just about lost whatever was left of his courage — it isn’t every day you find yourself a hair’s breadth away from death. His personal shield was gone. But after pulling himself together, the boy took a look at his opponent, checking out his attributes.
Lu-Vir-Div (red lix). Shaman. Age 32. Level 17.
Main parameters: shield level: 1544; mana level: 2149; physical attack: 244; magic attack: 266.
Tailyn grunted when he realized his perception was high enough to see the lix’s hidden parameters. Of course, there wasn’t much use in that, but he liked the direction things were moving in. He’d only been able to see numericals previously.
The wagon bumped along mercilessly, and the spear pierced the boy’s skin a few times, keeping his shield from regenerating. But no matter how slowly the procession was moving, the lix spent the entire day with his eyes fixed on the boy. Tailyn’s body was stiff, almost completely numb by nightfall, and the ropes were tied so tightly around his limbs that a ten- or fifteen-minute regeneration timer popped up every hour or so. His outfit was great, on the other hand. For a long time, Tailyn held everything in, doing his best not to soil it, but a pothole ended up being the straw that pushed his bladder beyond the breaking point. It turned out that his OGM-III had a built-in waste disposal system, however. Judging by the description, it was only enough to last a week, but that was going to be plenty.
The procession stopped in a field for the night. Whatever the red lix’s hideout was, it was more than a day’s journey away. The wagons lined up, meat was roasted over a fire, and the fat lix was distracted for the first time. Tailyn did his best not to wonder who they were cooking. The lix disappeared, and the chilled night air was filled with the annoyed howl of hungry lixes. They all wanted to eat and sleep.
Valanil Revolt is inviting you to join We need to run. Tomorrow it will be too late.
Note! If you accept the invitation, you will be removed from the Atrium group.
Tailyn was all too happy to accept the invitation, frustrated as he was with the limitations he still had to endure a year shy of completing his initiation. That was when all the functionality would be unlocked, including the ability to leave groups.
The only way the boy could respond was to try and move around to give her a kick in the leg. But when he tried, he groaned in pain. His muscles cramped so hard his eyeballs very nearly popped out of his head.
Group renamed. New name: Don’t move. Burn your ropes. Quietly. Pull out your knife and free me. We have to run. I figured out where they’re tak…
Apparently, there was a character limit on group names, though Tailyn had figured out the main idea. Things were only going to get worse.
Burn his ropes… His cards weren’t an option given the gag in his mouth, and that just left alchemical fire. But it took Tailyn a while to work up the nerve to try something that crazy. As soon as the potion hit the air, it burned for ten minutes, which meant the lixes would definitely notice. And if only that were the worst of their problems… The boy shivered, remembering the word quietly in the name of the group. His regeneration would take six hours to restore his limbs — he’d been through that before.
“Unload the mages!” came the order, and Tailyn was jerked roughly. His arms and legs ached as the rope dug into his skin and knocked off his personal shield.
“String them up!” the fat lix continued.
Tailyn’s arms were pulled hard, and he howled in pain as he was pulled up off the ground. Valanil groaned next to him. No matter how tough she was, few people could grin and bear what they were going through.
“Let them hang there. We’ll be heading off in the morning, so keep an eye on them until then.” The fat lix showed he was boss before hurrying off to his tent to get some rest. The other lixes glanced at each other — who had the shaman’s apprentice told to watch the mages? It was a long journey, and everyone wanted to relax.
“You!” the strongest said to one of his punier comrades. “You’re on guard duty.”
“Me?!” the latter replied indignantly, though he stopped when he saw the spear pointed at him. “Actually, yes, I was just going to volunteer. You all should rest.”
The reds scattered to their respective tents, and another wail broke out from the numericals as one more was dispatched.
“Shut up!” yelled the puny lix as he ran over to the wagon where the humans were standing. He was looking to take his frustration out on someone, and there was a chorus of dull blows and groans as he went to work on them.
Now!
The dangerous thought flashed through Tailyn’s head, scaring even him in the process. Still, a couple moments later, he was holding a bottle shimmering with a red color. It was just a wonder his hands weren’t shaking. The fear was gone, replaced by an indomitable resolve, and Tailyn felt for and yanked open the lid while doing his best not to think about what was going to happen. An acrid smell hit his nostrils, and flames leaped out of the container.
His back and arms burned like the devil, but Tailyn didn’t utter a sound, burying his teeth in his gag. Still, despite his bravery, his fingers reflexively opened up, and the bottle crashed to the ground. The earth exploded in flames. The boy’s stomach dropped — his suffering, albeit short, had been in vain.
“Where’s the light coming from?” came the puny lix’s unpleasant voice, and the dull blows stopped. The monster turned and stared dumbly at the fire burning away under the wriggling bodies. Both Tailyn and Valanil were twisting as they felt the temperature around them rise, neither able to get away. Finally, something in the lix’s head clicked, and he ran over to the rope holding the mages off the ground.
“You’re going to burn!” he rattled away as he untied the knot. “And on my watch, too!”
The rope released, and Tailyn and Valanil dropped right into the fire. The boy’s OGM-III kept him from the worst of it, taking the brunt of the alchemical flames, and the lix had dragged them out a couple moments later.
“Who lit the fire?” the lix asked, bending over Tailyn. “Where did it come from?”
The boy’s brain raced, having been freed from the heat. Suddenly, he had an interesting thought, and he began bleating away into the gag as he gestured in the direction of the tents.
“What? Lixes?” The little creature followed his gaze before glancing back in surprise when the boy nodded.
“You can understand me?” If his terrifying face had had brows, they would have shot upward. The boy nodded again before trying to say something else. Not only that, but the lix could have sworn he specifically said tent and set you up.
“I can’t understand you!” the lix said, crouching down next to the boy. He wasn’t aware why Tailyn had been gagged, having never seen captive mages. But the boy just murmured again, looked over toward the tents, and said something that sounded like bet and laughing at you. That did the trick. Already angry at all and sundry, the lix had heard the key words, and his thirst for the truth overcame the shaman apprentice’s order. Although, to be fair, he was still keeping an eye on the prisoners like he’d been told. What could a little kid do with his arms and legs tied? Nothing.
The lix picked the boy up and untied the ropes holding the gag in place.
“Okay, who set me up?”
“Hermetic seal! Ka-Li!” Tailyn whispered with difficulty, and the lix’s body began its thirty seconds of convulsions. Without losing a moment, the boy rolled around to the other side of the lix and began kicking him into the fire. It only worked so-so, with a couple more electricity strikes required, though the result was eventually achieved. The creature ended up in the alchemical flames and quickly turned into a charred corpse. That done, it was time for Tailyn to head into the fire himself. The ropes lit up immediately like dry straw, and Tailyn flipped onto his stomach as he howled and did his best not to roll around putting out the fire. The ropes had to burn off. Pain seared deep inside him, though his regeneration took the edge off, and he jerked at his arms to check the knots. Finally, there was a snap, and Tailyn was free.
Leaping to his feet, the boy materialized his knife and ran over to Valanil. His body was still burning — alchemical fire wasn’t that easy to put out, going out either by itself after ten minutes or when it was deprived of air. And since Tailyn didn’t have any thick cloth, his only option was to suffer through it and thank the god for his regeneration. He would have given up right at the beginning if it hadn’t been for it.
The boy cut through the last rope, and Valanil’s hand streaked out to grab the knife and hold it to Tailyn’s throat.
“What took so long?” the herbalist growled angrily. It took an effort to pull the knife away. According to her plan, Tailyn was supposed to suffer, not her, and it had been a long time since she’d felt that kind of pain. The last time had been during her education at Crobar. For a few moments, Valanil had even been afraid her road had come to an end, and such a horrible end, too. First, in the fire, then in the stomachs of the hungry animals.
“I… I didn’t…” Tailyn stammered, afraid to move. Even the pain from his burns faded into the background. There’s nothing like cold metal against your throat to wake you up.
“Next time, follow my orders exactly.” Valanil gave Tailyn a shove and cut through the rest of the ropes. Her timer told her she needed three hours to heal, and she couldn’t move until then. Her legs were in bad shape.
“We need to kill the lixes. Is your wave of fire full?”
“Yes,” Tailyn whimpered as he came back down from the shock. It was mostly the way his trainer was behaving — he’d saved them even if it had been a bit rough for them. Tailyn’s own regeneration timer showed just one hour.
“Don’t skimp on charges! I’ll be expecting you a minute from now with a report. Get to it!”
The lixes had set up twenty tents. There were no guards — who was going to risk venturing into red lix territory at night? Even the other lixes were too afraid to do that. The prisoners were bound, the mages were under guard, and the protective system kept the night monsters away. Why not sleep when you have another day to travel?
Ka-Li.
Indeed, Tailyn didn’t skimp on charges. After picking the best vantage point, he cut loose twenty waves. He was going to have to replenish all his cards once the combat status was over, anyway.
You destroyed more than 10 creatures at least 10 levels above you.
You received a level-up for one random attribute.
Agility +1 (2).
Status change: combat complete.
Tailyn couldn’t help cursing. It was exactly what he’d been worried about — a completely useless attribute had gotten the boost. And while his body bent over double, he’d been expecting that. Valanil had warned him. It was his muscles and ligaments adjusting to match the new parameters, becoming more flexible and mobile. But soon enough, the discomfort was gone, and Tailyn could feel the changes. His body was…faster. Sharper. It was hard to describe the feeling exactly, but he liked it, and he suddenly realized why Valanil had just snorted when he’d mentioned his reservations about spending points on useless attributes. He’d been wrong. While they didn’t make him a stronger attacker directly, they didn’t hurt to have.
There was nothing left of the tents. In fact, all that had survived were the shimmering boxes left from the dead bodies, though a message popped up as soon as Tailyn took a step toward them:
Group renamed. New name: Even split.
Loot division type selected for Even split group: divine will.
Tailyn just stood there for a while, his gazed fixed on the shimmering boxes, before turning back to Valanil. No, he was having nothing to do with divine will.
“Kick me out of the group,” he said. “I don’t want to share my loot.”
“Did you fry the lixes?” Regeneration had dulled the pain to the point that the imperious note had returned to Valanil’s voice.
Tailyn wavered. He’d come back full of conviction that he shouldn’t have to share, and there she was asked about the obvious. She knew very well what the answer was. Still, the boy wasn’t going to give in.
“Kick me out of the group,” he said again. “Everything from the lixes belongs to me, and I’m not going to share it. I didn’t roll into the fire just to watch you take the best loot.”
It took all Valanil’s composure not to kill the little bastard right on the spot. There he was, talking about rolling into the fire, and he was the only one who could stand on his own two feet.
“You don’t trust the god and its distribution?” Valanil was trying to push back on something that was sacred to anyone — the god’s inerrancy.
“Ka-Do-Gir was enough for me. He was always getting the best even though I did all the work. Sure, I’d like to trust the god, but I can’t. Coins are too important to me to waste right now.”
“For what? Looking to buy paper to wipe your ass with?” The herbalist was running out of patience, and her annoyance was beginning to peek through.
“I’m planning on buying an alchemical lab,” Tailyn replied frankly. Suddenly, the herbalist’s negativity disappeared. “They cost twenty thousand coins.”
“But you know the first one doesn’t include materials, right? What you need costs half a million. And how many thousand years do you think it will take you to save up that much? Or do you think the red lixes have something that valuable?”
Tailyn was taken aback.
“Let’s do this. For now, we’ll split the loot evenly, but when we get back to Culmart, I’ll make sure you get your own portable workshop that lets you buy ingredients. And I’ll do it within a month of us getting back. Deal?”
“You won’t go back on that?” Tailyn asked, his eyes squinting. Valanil’s offer seemed too good to be true.
“The god as my witness!” the herbalist said, instantly bathed in a snow-white cocoon. Her oath had been heard and accepted.
Actually, Valanil wasn’t risking anything — the most important thing was getting back to Culmart. She already had the mission to expose Isor, and Tailyn presumably had the same. That would leave the town without an elder, and the Crobar agents so interested in the boy — that was where the potions and right to train him had come from — would be able to enter Culmart without a problem. They’d shell out for the workshop, too. Valanil had been brought in from the cold, though even the wisest trainers at the mage hunter school didn’t know her true motives. Revenge… It was sweet and beautiful. Valanil was going to avenge herself on everyone who’d left her in that backwoods twenty years before without a chance of appeal. With the boy’s appearance, she’d earned the pardon she’d dreamed of those first ten years. But it was too late, Master Hunters. Too late.
“Deal,” Tailyn replied quickly, unwilling to let the opportunity slide. “We’ll split the loot.”
“Okay, why are you still here?”
“Right!” Tailyn was about to dash off after the shimmering boxes, but he stopped. “What are we going to do with the people? We can’t just leave them here, can we?”
“Loot first. Go, Tailyn! We don’t have as much time as you think.”
Tailyn Vlashich receives Alchemist’s Bag.
Tailyn Vlashich receives Alchemist Flask x1533.
Tailyn Vlashich receives Ordinary Daisy x3888.
Tailyn Vlashich receives Ginseng x772.
…
Valanil Revolt receives Lesser Armor x15.
Valanil Revolt receives Shaman’s Staff.
Valanil Revolt receives Intellect Ring-I x2.
Valanil Revolt receives Steel Claws x4.
***
You found an alchemist’s body. Your Perception and Enhancement attributes let you learn several recipes from his book.
***
Recipe received: Alchemical Fire.
Recipe received: Cold Explosion.
Recipe received: Acid.
Recipe received: Lesser Regeneration Potion.
Valanil kept an indifferent expression on her face as she went through the list of loot, though everything inside her was exploding. The herbalist knew very well that a shaman apprentice blessed by Halas would have quite a bit. She just hadn’t been about to tell Tailyn that, not wanting to spook the boy into trying to grab everything himself. But in that moment, the woman just wanted to wail as she looked at the loot. It even crossed her mind that getting back alone would be much simpler, and she could have even told the Crobar agents that Isor had been the one to get rid of the boy. Seriously, how could Tailyn have been the one to get the bag from an actual alchemist, not to mention its entire contents? Was that half the loot? No, it was all the loot. And the worst part was that the god hadn’t just thrown her trash. There was the lesser armor and steel claws that she could have tossed under the nearest bush, of course, but everything else was valuable even for her. The staff, especially. But the alchemist’s bag… That was too much for a kid like that. And the recipes? While the first three were fairly common if valuable, the herbalist had never even heard of that lesser regeneration potion. She didn’t have it, and she very much wanted to see what it could do.
A regeneration potion… Something capable of pulling anyone back from the other side so long as they had a drop of life left in them. The woman knew of just five terminals where you could buy potions like that — one in Crobar, one at the academy, and one each belonging to the emperors of their expansive world. That was it. Not only that, but you could only buy one each month, which was why they went for hundreds if not thousands of times the list price. How quick Tailyn had been to spend one on the lix… Valanil still shuddered half a year later when she recalled that moment. And there he’d gotten something about a lesser potion… She was going to have to figure out how to get a look at the description without raising suspicion.
In fact, Tailyn was right then looking over everything he’d gotten. The first description was simple and clear.
Alchemist’s Bag. Description: dimensionless space that lets you hold as many ingredients required for your Alchemy skill as you want.
It was definitely practical. Another icon appeared, and all his flowers disappeared into the new bag. It just looked much simpler on the outside than it was on the inside, where it was a veritable warehouse. Tailyn couldn’t have even imagined how many different materials alchemists needed. Just the flower section had more than a dozen names. And there were just as many little rocks, powders, and strange lines, all of them leaving the boy’s head spinning.
But the recipes were what really piqued his interest. Finally, he was going to be a real alchemist as soon as he picked up a workshop.
Shield restoration potion
7
Mana restoration potion
4
Magic Enhancement Elixir
3
Alchemical Fire
1
Cold Explosion
1
Acid
1
Lesser Regeneration Potion
*
Card Saturation
4
Alchemy
Points invested:
22
Alchemical Fire (rare recipe). Current level: 1. You learned how to make alchemical fire that burns for 1 minute (depends on the recipe level). Note! Ignites when it comes into contact with oxygen. Required ingredients: Alchemical Flask (1), Salamander Saliva (2), Basic Thickener (1), Basic Thinner (1).
***
Cold Explosion (rare recipe). Current level: 1. You learned how to make cold explosion potions that hit opponents with a charge of cold. The temperature depends on the recipe level. Initial temperature: -40 degrees. Required ingredients: Alchemical Flask (1), Edelweiss (2), Ice Rose (2).
***
Acid (rare recipe). Current level: 1. You learned how to make acid capable of corroding most metals. Does not work on glass. Duration in open air: 1 minute (depends on the recipe level). Required ingredients: Alchemical Flask (1), Basilisk Sweat (2), Sulfur (2).
***
Lesser Regeneration Potion (epic recipe). You learned how to make lesser regeneration potions that can heal beings that have lost no more than 50% of their organism. Required: level 20 Alchemy or higher. Required ingredients: Alchemical Flask (1), Amilio (1), Phoenix Feather (1), Living Water (2).
As soon as he read through the recipes and found out the kind of requirements they came with, Tailyn’s excitement quickly died away. The first three needed fairly rare ingredients: edelweiss, basilisk sweat, and salamander saliva. Luckily, there were enough of them in the alchemist’s bag for ten potions or so, but that was the end of the good news. Of the four ingredients needed to make the last potion, Tailyn only had the alchemical flasks. And he had no idea where to get the rest. He’d seen how tricky it was to get your hands on an amilio, and if the others were just as rare, he might as well not have the recipe in the first place.
That just left going through the loot he’d gotten earlier. With the potions, everything made sense — he was going to be able to use them as needed. That had just happened, in fact, and Tailyn shivered, thinking back to the fire.
Lesser Armor (8). Description: ordinary item that protects the wearer. Shield level +20.
Lesser Staff. Description: ordinary item that lets its owner both use magic and brush aside its enemies. That’s all this stick is good for. Physical attack +30. Magic attack +30.
Intellect Ring-I. Description: ordinary item with no special characteristics. Intellect +1.
The armor was entirely useless, good just for selling and forgetting. The ring and staff were a different story, however. Finally, Tailyn had something he could hit people over the head with. Pulling up his status table, Tailyn looked through the changes. There weren’t many since his return from the City of the Dead, but there were some.
Status table
General character information
Tailyn Vlashich, betrothed to Valia Levor
Alchemist
Level
1
Age
11
Yearly tax (crystals)
1 (beginning at age 16)
Coins
384
Gold
2727
Main parameters
Shield level
0 (3231)
Mana level
4200 (5211)
Physical attack
97
Magic attack
447
Attributes
Enhancement
13
Mysticism
7
Intellect
6
Armor
4
Wisdom
4
Perception
2
Regeneration
3
Agility
2
Strength
1
Concealment
1
Skills
Alchemy
Points invested:
22
Herbalism
Points invested:
13
Linguist
Points invested:
1
“Tailyn, time to go!” Valanil yelled. “Enough enjoying your loot. Stick the ring on your finger and the staff in your teeth and get over here. Time to become a man!”
Chapter 3
TAILYN STARED at the shimmering boxes and realized that nothing in the world could have made him touch them, not even if someone said there were a hundred crystals inside. That was all that was left of the poor numericals. Having found their way into Berad’s hands by a cruel twist of fate and been burned during the red lix attack, they’d ended their lives in a wave cast by the boy. He twitched as he remembered the faces begging for the sweet release of death. All they cared about was not being left to the lixes.
They’d never had a shot. Really, it was a surprise they’d lived that long without regeneration, healing, or food. Valanil had categorically refused to help them, calling it a waste of mana. Instead, she told the boy about the place the lixes had been taking them.
“The lixes need humans for the Forest of Desire. It’s an ancient legend wrapped in fable and contradictions, and we don’t know much about it. Only shamans, chiefs, and a particular caste of traffickers are allowed in. Although, okay, slaves can go in, too, as long as they have the special mark. Everyone else is kept out or destroyed at the entrance. Nobody knows what happens, though the lixes come back out covered in blood and holding rich gifts. But without the humans. When these poor creatures are caught, and they will be caught since they won’t get far in their condition, they’ll be taken to the Forest of Desire. Believe me, something worse than being stripped of their souls will happen to them there. Eternal torment? Maybe. There’s something about that in the ancient texts. You need to make a decision, Tailyn Vlashich. Either you let the lixes have them so they can limp along another couple days, or… You know what to do.”
Tailyn had never had other people beg him to kill them before. And they were serious, too. The numericals were scared, but they were terrified of what awaited them. Ultimately, the whole thing took just a single charge and a couple moments.
After sitting down next to Valanil, Tailyn stared off into space as he tried to push back the feeling of guilt over what he’d done. It didn’t work. Over and over again, he played through what had happened, trying to find a way to save the other humans. They could have hauled them away into the steppe using the wagons. Healed them. Found a portal, jumped back to safety. Anything. At some point, his reason won over, and Tailyn asked a question to avoid falling into another round of self-recrimination.
“That’s not everything you know about the Forest of Desire, is it? Can you tell me more?”
Valanil fell silent for a while. She was deciding whether to take the next step or not — she hadn’t sworn to take that knowledge with her to the grave. Sure, Crobar graduates didn’t share information about the Forest of Desire as a rule, but there was no direct prohibition. And just when Tailyn was beginning to suspect he wasn’t going to hear anything, the woman jumped into the story.
“There isn’t much information available. Too much time has passed; too much knowledge has been lost. Really, the only thing we know for sure is that it’s the tomb of the founder of Crobar, the great Isr Kale. His last wish was to — ”
“Isr Kale? The ancient general who fought the whites?” Tailyn asked in excitement, and the herbalist very nearly lost her composure. The reflexes beaten into her since she was little demanded she kill anyone who knew that much about the school’s founder. If he was a secret Crobar agent, he’d be expecting the attack. If not, nobody would blame her. The only problem was that she didn’t owe Crobar anything anymore, and that saved Tailyn’s life. Almost as if reading her mind, the god sent her a mission update:
Mission update: Ancient History. Secret mission. The list of people (42) you can discuss this with has been updated. New addition: Tailyn Vlashich, human, level 1.
“You have the mission, too?” Tailyn asked with surprise when he got a similar notification. The only difference was that he didn’t have a list — just Ka-Do-Gir, Valia, and Valanil.
“Sure, it’s useless,” the herbalist snorted. “So secret that everyone knows about it. Almost everybody out there has it, you can’t turn it down, and it never ends. Yes, I have it, too.”
“Can you tell me something? What’s the exodus? Why are people called players? Where — ”
“Not so fast, Tailyn. Knowledge is never free, and I paid a terrible price for mine. You wanted to know who General Isr Kale was? That’s all you get. If there’s something else you’re looking to find out about, figure out how you can pay for it. Anyway, a few thousand years ago, there was an event you called the exodus. The other races left our planet, leaving behind humans, monsters, and lixes. But the humans weren’t united. Instead, they’d split into several groups. One of them was the whites, the ones we call mages now. They founded the academy and cared only about ruling the entire world with the knowledge, abilities, and magic strength the god gave them. But against them were the soldiers, those who relied on weaponry and their own strength rather than divine intervention. After all, any magic is first and foremost the god’s will. Isr Kale was the leader of the soldiers. We’re not sure how he kept the world from falling into the whites’ hands, though rumor has it the mages weren’t able to handle a mission from the god, and it punished them by stripping them of their strength. Now, the whites have to use a facilitator for their magic — cards. Isr Kale himself founded a school that trained people to fight the mages, people capable of maintaining peace in the world and keeping it from being turned over to the ruinous whims of the academy provost. When the general died, his body and all the equipment he’d compiled over the years were enclosed in the area we now call the Forest of Desire. It was sealed up to make sure no living creatures could break in and get their hands on dangerous equipment, though the black lixes found a way around that. They were the ones who gave the location its name; they’re the ones who learned how to trade humans for devices. Nobody knows how that’s possible. Perhaps, there’s a security system or minions similar to what One had. I don’t know… And hopefully, I’ll never find out, as nobody has ever come back from the forest.”
Mission update: Search for Coordinates. You found out that General Isr Kale was buried along with his belongings in a zone called the Forest of Desire. The key to Lavr Nalin’s notebook might be in the tomb.
“Why is ancient history a useless mission? It comes from the god…”
“Because it never ends. You find out something new, and that just opens up even more you’re supposed to learn. The mission updates again and again, over and over. At the academy, where I hope you’ll end up studying, there’s a whole group of fanatics determined to find out the whole history of the ancients. They were there twenty years ago, and I’m sure they’re still there. It’s impossible to tell how far you have to go. Okay, that’s enough. You learned about Isr, and the rest is only once I’m paid.”
“What are we going to do now?”
“Wait. I have another two hours to go before I’m healed, and then it’ll be time to run. For a while. And quickly. Here.”
Valanil made a few adjustments, and a map projected onto the ground. The area they were currently in was just an empty space with no mountains or names to be seen. Although, no, there was one name: Gray Lands. And Tailyn had to agree — there was definitely something gray about the space around them regardless of the greenery. The woman was pointing at a city called Salin. Tailyn found Culmart and whistled, finding the distance between the two cities to be half as long as the distance they were going to have to cover just to get to Salin. Somehow, he knew it was going to take them a good week.
“Yes, kind of far,” the herbalist said, correctly diagnosing the boy’s reaction and tracing a route with her finger. “First, we’ll go here — I’ve heard there’s an abandoned ancient city in this area, so we’ll find it and hunker down for a couple days. That should be enough for whoever’s following us to skip by. Then, we’ll head straight. I have no idea what to expect, but get ready to be hungry. I don’t have any food with me.”
“What about the horses? The wagons? What are we doing with them?”
“Leaving them here. However good Berad’s troops are, they won’t be able to find our tracks in the stone, especially after a couple days. And they won’t show up sooner than that. First, they have to get to the red lix camp, where they’ll figure out something’s wrong, and then they’ll head back here. Yes, we definitely have two days. We’re not taking anything with us, and I’m tired. We should get some sleep before heading out.”
Once the sun was up, Tailyn and Valanil set off along the steppe at a light jog. There weren’t too many trees around, though the numerous hills and high ground kept them hidden from stray glances. A few times, there was a protracted howl from some monster that was taken up by another dozen of them. The mages didn’t have any problems, however. As might have been expected, Tailyn threw in the towel first, his legs simply refusing to go any further an hour later. Valanil had a hard time suppressing a smile. She’d been anticipating that for a while, and the boy had surprised her.
“Ten minutes,” she said, and Tailyn flopped onto the ground. “When did you boost your agility?”
“It was a reward for killing the lixes,” the boy wheezed, and Valanil grimaced — she definitely wasn’t going to be getting anything like that. She’d forgotten Tailyn was still down at level one, which meant nearly all the opponents they were going to be up against were going to give him bonuses. The lucky bastard.
“We’re moving too slowly. Berad should already be starting to worry, so let’s go. The next break will be in two hours.”
Valanil had only said that to spur Tailyn on, but she was right on the money. Just then, one of the shamans in the red lix camp stepped into the middle of it and pulled out a portal card. Every day, right at nine in the morning, he activated a portal that let anyone with a copy of the card activate it at the same time and come home to the tribe. And the list of “anyones” was restricted to the shaman and his apprentices. After waiting a couple moments the way he usually did, the lix was about to turn off the portal when it suddenly opened — someone was looking to come home. An instant later, a semicircle flickered in the square, and creatures started pouring out. A crowd of inferior lixes came out first with a merry howl. Having gotten their fill of meat, they dashed over to the enclosure looking to get some sleep. It had been a fun night. Those who had survived had feasted, and they were followed by weak and bound humans with dead eyes. They’d already resigned themselves to their fate. Next, there were red lix warriors, Berad’s mercenaries with a few mages bound arm and leg, and finally the two leaders. Shaman Mu-Ro-Div and Berad Gor the crystal fence stepped out, and the portal closed behind them.
The mercenary leader was in a great mood. Not only had he gotten rid of a direct competitor; he’d picked up a great load. Eighty slaves. That was more than they’d been counting on, especially when you threw in the three mages. Stripped of their shields and mana, their mouths gagged, they were perfect for trading to the blacks. Speaking of which, there was one right there. Heading back and forth to inspect the humans, the black lix was counting them like cattle. The quality didn’t matter. What was important was that they stay alive until they could be sacrificed.
“Eighty regulars,” he said, though he paused when he saw the mages. “Three mages! Okay, that makes fourteen crystals. Not a bad haul, Berad Gor! You…”
The lix trailed off the moment he read the description of one of the mages. Shaking his head, almost as if he were having a hard time believing his eyes, he read it again. Just to make sure, he even stepped to the side, paced quickly back and forth for a while, and headed back.
Berad tensed up. He didn’t like the black’s behavior in the least, and Mu-Ro-Div backed up his partner, not sure what else to do. If they made a mistake, Halas’ wrath would be fearsome. The red lixes would be goners. Just take the greens — after some lix named Ka-Do-Gir, his name be cursed among the lixes, had made a mistake, they’d been just about wiped out.
“You know how to please, Berad Gor,” the lix finally said as he read the mage’s description one last time.
Valia Levor (human). Mage. Age 11. Level 13. Betrothed to Tailyn Vlashich.
“You’ll get ten crystals for this mage, and the red lixes and Berad Gor are both under the protection of Halas from this moment onward. That is his will! Just one more enemy, and the blacks will be avenged.”
“That last enemy isn’t Tailyn Vlashich, is it?” Berad asked cautiously after he read the girl’s description. She was pretty despite the cuts and bruises — ten years older, and she definitely would have piqued his interest, but not at that age. Children didn’t do it for him. But one thing that did occur to him was that she was the very same girl the reward had been set for. Interesting… The duke was offering a hundred thousand coins for his daughter, or ten times more than Berad was hoping to get for the ten crystals. Only the duke’s coins didn’t interest him in the least. They came with too much attention.
“Yes,” the black said. “Tailyn Vlashich is the personal enemy of Halas, lord of the lixes. Whoever brings the boy alive or dead will be showered with gifts!”
“Shaman,” Berad asked, barely concealing his excitement, “have your warriors returned, yet?”
“No,” the latter replied after quickly checking for his apprentice’s insignia on the attendance wall. “But they should be here shortly.”
Suddenly, the piercing cry of a bird shattered the silence reigning over the red lix den. The six-limbed creatures clutched their heads and threw themselves onto the ground — the cry was unpleasant and terrifying. Still, the stronger among them looked up in an effort to pick the creature out in the sky, as there hadn’t been any flying creatures in the area for the previous two hundred years. They’d all been eaten. But the lixes were wrong, as the winged monster hadn’t appeared in the sky. It was right there on the ground. Looking like an enormous bat, it somehow spoke the eagle tongue. Its black, webbed wings and elongated face edged with teeth weren’t just for observing; the level thirty epic pet could take out a small town on its own. Even though he hated to do it, Berad had burned his second-to-last fruit bat charge. In that moment, he needed eyes in the sky, checking to make sure he knew where the shaman’s apprentice was even if he was wrong and the character was just stepping into the camp. There was too much at stake. And Berad knew the black lix was telling the truth — Halas was harsh with anyone who went rogue.
The fruit bat flew up into the sky, let out its unpleasant screech, and hurtled off in the direction its master sent it. Another window popped up in front of Berad to show him everything his pet could see. Not only that, but the picture overlaid on top of the local map he already had, making the whole thing easier than pie.
The shaman’s apprentice was nowhere to be seen. Not a minute later, not two minutes later. Berad knew which road they were supposed to be taking, so he flew on in search of the smallest hint that would tell him where the lixes had disappeared to. And he found one. Half an hour later, the fruit bat was hovering above the charred remains of the camp. Nothing remained of the bodies, with just the horses and wagons showing up for the ranger’s perception. That was all that remained of Mu-Ro-Div’s promising apprentice.
The pet dropped lower and began circling the camp. All Berad cared about was finding the boy, the numericals’ shimmering boxes not interesting him in the least. But there was nothing to see. The fruit bat couldn’t send the whole picture back to its master, and the ranger’s perception didn’t pick up little details. He needed to be there in person to figure out what had happened. And so, after taking a wider circle and failing to pick up tracks, the pet crumbled to the earth as fine black dust when its master blew on his card.
“Everyone up; we’re moving out!” Berad grabbed the crystals that were owed him and leaped onto his horse. The mercenaries were already there — they’d heard the bird call and realized they were in for a hard ride. Rage swept over the detachment leader. The red lix had assured him everything would go off without a hitch, that the group would be delivered to the lix hideout on time. But disaster had struck? His easy old age was running around somewhere in the steppe. No, the shaman needed to be punished, and Berad yelled over when he saw the black lix nearby.
“Your apprentice let you down, Mu-Ro-Div! He couldn’t hang on to Tailyn Vlashich, and now he’s dead. You can explain to Halas why his enemy is still roaming free, not to mention why you don’t keep your promises. And in the meantime, I’ll be out in the step trying to fix your mistake. We’ll be back soon!”
The black lix whirled around to face the shaman, looking for an explanation, but the fifteen mercenaries didn’t see the end of that story. They were already galloping away.
At that moment, a gloomy-faced Valanil was looking up into the sky and listening. She’d noticed the flying scout ahead of time and found them a place to hide, and while the fruit bat was a long distance away, it was obvious what it was looking for. And that changed everything. Suddenly, the woman knew they didn’t have two days, and so she turned to Tailyn when the creature disintegrated.
“Berad is going to push his horses and show up at the camp in four hours. They’ll pick up our tracks from there, so we have to get to the mountains. We’ll try to hide there.”
Valanil pointed to the right of the course they’d been pursuing for the previous few hours. Tailyn looked over in that direction to see some mountains, and he realized the hills and gullies had kept them hidden before. Still, the herbalist’s plan struck him as odd.
“But that’s not on the way. It’s — ”
“It’s even deeper into lix territory. I know. But we don’t have a choice — they’ll catch us out here in the steppe like it’s nothing. Our only shot is the mountains, so let’s go. We can’t waste a minute! Okay, we’re going to run a little differently now. Listen to me carefully…”
Again, they took off. That time, when Tailyn realized he was getting tired, he slowed to a walk. Valanil didn’t let him stand still. But the boy dug deep and found the strength to go on, getting started without warning. The herbalist caught up and stayed next to him. When they got to the hills, she pushed him from behind, and that turned out to save time even if Valanil started running out of breath, too. Pushing a kid up a mountain wasn’t easy…
“They headed toward Salin!” Sloan yelled. “Two of them, the boy and the woman. On foot.”
“Both mages survived… The lixes underestimated them. What about the loot?”
“Nothing — they took it all. The horses are goners; leave them for the night creatures. It looks like they didn’t know how to take apart the security system since it’s still here. Nothing that nice, but it’ll pick up a hundred gold.”
“Grab the system, cut the horses loose. If the god wishes it, they’ll survive. Move it! They have half a day’s head start, but we’re on horseback. If we don’t catch them by nightfall, they’ll be eaten, and then we won’t have anything to show for all this.”
Berad had no way of knowing that the exhausted, staggering pair had just reached the foot of the mountains. It was an entire range that led deep into red lix territory. Yet again, Valanil berated herself for never getting the maps for the area, as she’d come to terms with the green lixes on the Culmart attack, planning on skipping into another empire through their territory. That would have seen her avoid the reds, the blacks, and even the mythical whites if they actually existed. And while the greens had given her maps of their territory, she was a few hundred meters farther south, in the depths of the Gray Lands, somewhere sensible people just didn’t go. At least, not law-abiding people. Crystal fences were fine there, and many of them, unfortunately enough, had excellent heads on their shoulders.
“That way!” Valanil pointed at a small crevice. They were going to have to climb up to it, but that was perfect — it meant horses couldn’t get up. Tailyn just nodded and started ahead without even thinking. His strength long gone, he was running on bare obstinacy, and the pair of runaways helped each other up the mountain. Happily, it wasn’t as steep as other inclines Tailyn had seen, and with plenty of gnarled trees to grab hold of, so it wasn’t too hard of a climb.
When the pair reached the crevice, Valanil looked back out over the steppe and cursed. Their pursuers were on the horizon. And while they looked like little black ants right then, they were only an hour’s ride from the mountains.
“Hurry up!” Valanil said, panic creeping into her voice. “We have to find somewhere to hide!”
Leaving Tailyn to potter up on his own, the herbalist ran off. She had to save herself. There was too much she had planned for her life…
“Dismount!” Berad ordered, leaping off his horse first and angrily kicking an upturned stone. They were too late. Just barely, but still. The runaways had chosen the only option that would extend their worthless lives another couple hours, at least until night fell and the creatures that inhabited them came out to play. “Set up camp. We’ll find whatever’s left of them tomorrow and head back.”
“How did they think of heading for the mountains?” Sloan asked in annoyance as he stopped his horse. The poor animal was barely standing upright. Leaping down lightly, the ranger began setting up the security system. Even he was afraid of the night creatures.
“The chick turned out to be unusually smart,” laughed Fano, a squad leader. After making sure that Berad was looking in his direction, he continued. “Commander, permission for me and my boys to head into the mountains? A donkey could tell you they headed for that crevice less than an hour ago. A kid and a girl, both mages, neither strength nor agility between them. They’re probably crouched behind a tree shaking in terror.”
“You should — ” Sloan started, though Berad gestured for his second in command to be quiet. Fano had been in his detachment for several years, and he’d managed to both put together a group loyal to him and make a couple runs at a leadership role. Sloan’s, at least.
“You have an hour,” Berad said, looking up at the sun. “Once night falls, nobody’s getting back into the dome. Move out.”
“Follow me,” Fano said with a whistle. A trio of fighters started up.
Sloan watched them go. After they’d gotten far enough away, he looked over at the commander.
“The kid is tougher than he looks. And the chick… Something tells me she’s from the academy or Crobar. Probably, Crobar, judging by the way she was teaching the kid how to dodge flasks and use a sword.”
“It’s his choice,” Berad said with a shrug. “If he pulls it off, he’ll have earned a bonus. If not… I’ll have to worry about where to find three more fighters, but I’ll be rid of another headache. Just take care of the shield. By nightfall, we need to be under cover — I don’t like these mountains. The lixes always look too nervous when they’re talking about them.”
Chapter 4
THE CAVE Valanil had found was big, the size of the Culmart square. But regardless, it was still empty, as the herbalist asked Tailyn to scan every nook and cranny. There was nothing. Just bare walls and the odd stone. No tunnels, no hidden niches, nothing that triggered the boy’s perception.
“We can’t cover the opening,” Valanil said, look back sadly at the yawning entrance. Two wagons would have fit through side by side without even touching each other. And there would even have been room for a third at the top so long as it could fly. “We’ll take turns guarding — you sleep first.”
“Sleep?! How?!” Tailyn asked in horror. “They’re hunting us!”
“Nobody will be coming up right now. The night monsters in the Gray Lands are worse than people, so you sleep. You’re our only weapon. When everything starts going down, I’ll wake you up.”
Valanil didn’t even think about taking Tailyn’s cards. Much as it pained her, the boy’s parameters already surpassed hers, and even if she did get his cards, that would take them out of his active deck. If anything happened, they would have been useless to him. Although… There was one thing they needed to do right then.
“Neither of us have much of a shield left,” Valanil said.
“Nope,” Tailyn replied, pulling up his status table glumly. In the time they’d been running, his had only picked up 204. Any good hit was going to be lethal.
“So, what’s the problem? Why aren’t you doing anything about that?”
“What can I do? My shield restores 17 every hour, and…” The boy stopped short when he saw the herbalist’s angry expression.
“What do you think you have cards for, idiot? You have enough mana to charge them multiple times over! Spend one full card on me, charge it, and do the same for yourself. Then, wait for your mana to recharge. When are you going to start thinking with your head?”
Tailyn’s face fell — Valanil’s words had struck home. There he was, thinking he was all grown-up and responsible, and he’d missed such an easy trick.
You used Enhanced Shield-I 50 times.
Valanil Revolt’s shield was enhanced by 22350.
***
Enhanced Shield-I recharged. Charges remaining: 50 of 50.
You spent 350 mana. Restoration speed: 20 mana per hour.
***
You used Enhanced Shield-I 50 times.
Your shield was enhanced by 22350 (22554).
The excess shield will disappear in 12 hours. You received a Weakness debuff: for the next 24 hours, you will not be able to increase your shield beyond the maximum level (3231).
***
Enhanced Shield-I recharged. Charges remaining: 50 of 50.
Twenty-two thousand shield. Tailyn’s jaw dropped when he dumped the entirety of the card into Valanil. It was almost the same as the protective dome Ka-Do-Gir had taken, and even though everything was going to be back to normal twelve hours later, not to mention the fact that he couldn’t repeat the trick, the boy was elated. The pair’s enemies had nothing on them.
“Fano, we need to head back. They’re gone!” came a shout, and Tailyn’s elation washed away. Fantasizing about the kind of heroic figure he cut was one thing; coming face to face with an actual enemy was something entirely different. Valanil muttered a curse, too. The crystal fences were even coming after them at night.
“They couldn’t have gotten far!” replied the one whose name was apparently Fano. “Keep looking.”
“It’s dark. We’re losing the tracks,” said a third. “The sun’s going down in just five minutes. We still have time to get back!”
“No!” Fano yelled. “If we go back without the kid, we might as well leave the group. You want them laughing at us? Keep looking. They have to be hiding somewhere around here. Hey, look, a fire! Those idiots lit a fire. Follow me!”
Everything inside Tailyn suddenly turned cold. It wasn’t because of what Fano had said, either — there was a flickering flame in the cave. Next to one of the far walls, a fire really had been lit, and there was every chance it would attract all the monsters in the vicinity.
“You said it was empty in here!” Valanil hissed angrily as she grabbed Tailyn and pushed him against the wall by the entrance. They hid behind an outcropping rock. Not only that, but she also threw some kind of cloak over them that blended in with the stone. She had to assume it wouldn’t do much against actual rangers, but the habit of fighting to the end was drilled into her brain. If it hadn’t been for the unexpected fire, Valanil would have actually risked attacking the trio. Judging by their voices, it was the most inveterate of the fighters who were out thirsting for blood. And it would have been better to die in battle than lose her soul and body to the Forest of Desire.
“It was empty,” Tailyn whispered back, not sure what was going on. His scanner still told him the cave was completely empty. It wasn’t even showing the fire.
“Quiet!” Valanil placed a hand over the boy’s face, though all she felt was his cold armor as he turned on his hermetic seal. Soon, she fell silent, too, as four silhouettes showed up at the entrance. Valanil did her best not to breathe. The tough-looking men were just a few steps away, and they were all staring in the direction of the fire.
“You’re caught! Nowhere to run!” Fano, the group leader, said angrily. Valanil recognized him — he’d been on the next wagon over during the fight with the red lixes. That told her Berad was still the one chasing them rather than a random crystal fence who’d happened across the demolished camp. But how had he figured out so quickly that something was wrong with the lix caravan?
“I can’t see them. There’s nothing on the scanner.”
“They’re hiding, but that’s fine. We’ll find them. Nalio,” Fano said, jabbing a finger into the chest of one of his sidekicks, “you cover the door. Nobody gets out, and stick something over it so we can spend the night here. Everyone else with me!”
Pulling their weapons out just in case, three fighters stepped forward.
“Stick something over it…” muttered Nalio, a level twenty-four swordsman. As he looked around at the width of the entrance, he just sighed. “Where am I supposed to find that much fabric? And why did we even come here? Could have just picked up the remains in the morning… Now we’re going to have to spend the whole night awake.”
Nalio went on whining like an old woman at the market complaining about the prices for potatoes and onions. Still, he did great work, pulling out an enormous roll of thick cloth and beginning to pin it down to one side of the entrance.
“They’re not here,” exclaimed one of the fighters from the depths of the cave, and it was right then that the entrance closed down. Not completely, of course, as there was still enough room for both Valanil and Tailyn to crawl between the sharp rocks that had popped out of the floor and ceiling, but the herbalist just pushed the boy closer against the wall. She’d realized with horror where fate had cast them, and all she wanted was a way out. But there was none.
“What’s going on?” Fano’s unsettled voice echoed from the other side of the cave, and that was the last thing the ambitious crystal fence ever said. Three soul-rending screams broke out and filled with unearthly pain just before their frames turned gray.
“What the hell?” Nalio asked nervously as he pulled himself to his feet. When the entrance had closed, he’d just barely had time to leap away and avoid the sharp rocks. Grabbing his sword and turning toward where his team had just been, the fighter squinted in an attempt to make out the enemy by the flickering light of the fire. And that was his last move in the release. A long spear pierced his personal shield and armor as if they weren’t even there, after which his lifeless body was dragged off into the depths of the cave. After another deep growl, Valanil felt her stomach turn — unlike the boy, her outfit didn’t come with a hermetic seal, and she could only suffer as an unpleasant smell filled the air.
But they were lucky. Fresh air sucked in through the clenched teeth to drive away the acidic fumes — yes, teeth. Back in Crobar, Valanil had heard stories about an enormous creature that opened its maw and waited patiently for a chance victim to wander along. Sometimes, they sat there for years in a condition something like sleep. But as soon as someone alarmed them, that someone was met with certain death. It was a scary story they told kids at night, and Valanil had only ever laughed at anyone trying to get under her skin with it, but she wasn’t laughing then. The creature was real. Not only that, but it had even learned how to make a phantom fire to lure in innocent lambs and terrifying monsters hunting nearby alike. That was why she and Tailyn hadn’t come across any of the latter while they’d been climbing. The smartest monsters were long gone; the dumb ones had already been eaten.
The worst part was that Valanil couldn’t even make out the name of whatever was going to kill her. The creature’s concealment and camouflage levels were off the charts. A few moments later, the spear that had dragged Nalio off into the cave had returned, that time moving slowly and bending from side to side like a snake as it hunted its prey. And Valanil knew who that was — her and Tailyn. It was hard to imagine, but that sharp, black appendage was the creature’s tongue, and it was looking to find food caught in the creature’s mouth and send it down into its stomach. The tongue was the reason the woman didn’t make a break for the teeth — she wouldn’t have made it. But if they stayed quiet… Well, they were going to live another couple minutes.
The monster decided to start the search at the other end, its tongue poking into every crevice.
“What is that?” Tailyn asked, though he didn’t get a reaction. Suddenly, he remembered that sound couldn’t get out of his hermetically sealed armor, so he opened the shield protecting his face and just about coughed when the pungent fumes found their way down his throat. It was practically impossible to breathe. But after regaining control and realizing that any sound would attract the spear, Tailyn repeated his question.
“The monster’s tongue,” Valanil whispered back. “In case you haven’t noticed, we’re in its mouth. Okay, Tailyn, you need to get out of here. Crawl through the teeth and jump to the side — I don’t think this thing will climb out of the mountain.”
“What about you?”
“Someone has to grab its attention.” The herbalist’s decision surprised even her. Sure, she couldn’t have gotten out, though it would have taken a few seconds more than Tailyn, and the creature would have had enough time to take two shots at her. And that was the factor Valanil told herself she was basing the decision on. It had nothing to do with how she’d started to really care about the kid over the previous six months. Without her own kids, she’d started to feel something she’d never thought she could feel for someone else, and she had to shake her had to fight back the unwanted tears. No, even to herself, she couldn’t admit that she would have liked to have a son like Tailyn. She could have hit him multiple times over the previous few days, and that’s not how mothers acted. But no, it couldn’t be feelings. She’d decided to sacrifice herself solely because Tailyn was the only one who could make it out through the teeth.
As her throat tightened, Valanil couldn’t hold back a cough.
“Put this on,” Tailyn suddenly said as he materialized a complete set of level one armor. “It’ll make it easier to breathe. How do you think this thing will react to flames? I have some alchemical fire.”
“Do you have any idea how big it is?” Valanil asked, though she still stepped away from the boy and began pulling off her clothes, her eyes fixed on the tongue poking around the opposite wall. Yes, they were going to die, but she wanted to spend her last few minutes without the discomfort in her eyes and throat. Knowing the boy would just see her in her underwear, Valanil had no problem pulling her outfit off and changing into the mage’s armor. The smell of poorly processed rubber hit her nostrils, though it felt like the most beautiful of aromas the woman had ever smelled. Turning on the hermetic seal and breathing deeply, she couldn’t hold back a smile. She was still alive. Even if that wasn’t for long.
A few settings later, and Valanil had turned on the audio channel for the group.
“Can you hear me?”
“Yes!” Tailyn replied happily, turning his own hermetic seal back on.
“Okay, tell me what you have. I haven’t been keeping tabs on your loot, and I want to fry this thing’s insides when I’m dragged away.”
“Alchemical fire and acid spittle, fifteen of each, as well as three flasks of accelerated growth. I don’t know what — ”
“Let me see it.” Valanil turned the quaint little flask with its green contents over in her hands. She’d never heard of it, though that was easily explained by the fact that the mage hunter school was divided into attack and defensive potions. There weren’t any household potions like accelerated growth. Needless to say, it was more suited to gardeners, florists, and the like, letting them pour it over their plants without having to wait for the natural process.
“Give me the fire. Let’s see what the monster thinks of it.”
The fire at the back of the cave was still burning cheerily to show where the snake was. Valanil took aim, sent the shimmering red flask flying, and watched as it shattered right next to the black spear.
You were stunned. Recovery time: 2 minutes.
Neither Tailyn nor Valanil saw the message that popped up, having both collapsed lifelessly to the ground. The roar cut loose by the ancient monster turned out to be so powerful that even the mountains shook. When they heard it, the odd night monsters still in the area suddenly remembered important business they had somewhere very far away and dashed off.
Two minutes later, Tailyn opened his eyes and found himself staring at a burning wall. The decoy fire had gone out, replaced by an alchemical fire that was going to burn for another eight whole minutes. The flames smoked mercilessly as if eating away at a living being rather than a stone surface, and that was when Valanil woke up, groaned, and clutched her head. For whatever reason, it had been worse for her than for the boy.
“Get out of here!” Tailyn pointed at the entrance, which had expanded when the creature screamed. While it wouldn’t have been big enough for a wagon, of course, there was more than enough room for a human to get out. If they bent over.
Valanil wanted to tell Tailyn to go, but she saw that he couldn’t budge. After the howl, the rock they’d been hiding behind had popped like a bloated cyst, dumping black goo all over the boy’s legs. He shrugged guiltily as if to say it wasn’t his fault. Just then, Valanil noticed a green flask in his hand — acid. He was going to need time to get himself free, and that was why he was sending her out.
“Hurry up,” the woman replied, the decision anything but easy. Still, it’s always a dumb idea to die when there’s a way to save yourself.
“Yep, I’m going to just dissolve all this, and I’ll be right out,” Tailyn replied as he began pouring the acid over the sticky substance. An acrid smoke filled the air, though it didn’t take long for the goo to melt away. His legs were free.
“I’ll be waiting for you outside! Before you make a run for it, throw the fire again.” Valanil wanted to throw her arms around Tailyn, but she repressed the urge and darted out of the cave. As soon as she’d cleared the teeth, she dove to the side. And just in time. The black spear-like tongue tore through the air just millimeters from her body. With an annoyed gurgle, the mountains shook once again, the monster unhappy that its food had gotten away.
Just in case, Valanil dove behind some rocks, wary of another blow from the tongue, but it wasn’t forthcoming. The creature had recognized the woman’s right to life.
“As soon as you’re out, jump to the side!” she said to Tailyn. Giving her the suit had been a great idea on his part.
“Got it. I’m almost done — one leg is already free. As soon as the other one’s loose, I’ll throw the fire. We’ll probably get stunned again, so get farther away.”
“I don’t think it’ll be as bad out here.” Valanil turned to find a better spot and —
And found herself staring into Sloan’s grinning mug.
“You’re slippery. And hardy. Cute, too — it’s a shame we’re going to have to hand you over to the lixes…”
Valanil took a breath to activate one of her cards, but that was when convulsions gripped her body. Sloan had struck first. It was his favorite weapon, the epic Shocker-II card, which cut straight through any armor through level three. The herbalist’s OGM-I suit had told him right away that pollen wasn’t going to do the trick.
“Okay… And where’s Tailyn?” Sloan looked around, scanning the area in search of anything alive. His device was an advanced model that cost an absurd amount of money and had saved his life and the lives of Berad and the rest of the group many times over. Ferreting out ambushes before they’re sprung was important in their line of work.
Only there wasn’t anything living within a hundred meters, and that made Sloan nervous. If he didn’t bring the boy back, his expertise would be brought into question. He never stayed inside the dome, considering himself better than that — while he hadn’t graduated from either the academy or Crobar, life itself had been his schoolmaster. The lessons had been hard. So hard, in fact, that he never forgot them. For instance, in that moment Sloan sensed with his whole being that he couldn’t head into the cave the woman had just come running out of. And it wasn’t the sharp, tooth-like rocks. If the scanner didn’t show anything living, and the mercenary was accustomed to trusting his equipment, the thing had to be some kind of mechanism. He had a bad feeling about it. The kind of feeling he got when he was in mortal danger, the kind that told him he was in the worst kind of trouble. And while Sloan didn’t know where the feeling was coming from, he wasn’t going to argue with something that had saved his life dozens of times.
Pulling out a rope, he began rolling Valanil up. The woman was going to be recovering soon, so he had to hurry. Ultimately, the helmet turned out to be the biggest challenge — the woman had a surprisingly large personal shield. That wasn’t a problem for Sloan, of course, though he did have to keep an eye on the timer that told him how much longer Valanil would be unconscious. In the meantime, he began hacking away at her protection with his knife. Dealing twenty thousand damage turned out to take an entire minute and another charge from his shocker. But that did the trick — the woman’s personal shield ran out, and the knife bit through her visor. Stuffing a gag into the mage’s mouth and wrapping a rope around her head to keep her from spitting it out, the ranger was about to get back to his search for the boy when he thought better of it. Night was falling. Frowning with annoyance, Sloan got comfortable, ready to spend the night where he was. He needed to find out where Tailyn had run off to. Of course, he wasn’t afraid for his own life — he’d already figured out there weren’t any monsters in that part of the mountains. There had been one, of course, that had yelled like a banshee just a few minutes before, but it had run off before the ranger could get close.
“It’s a shame Tailyn was able to hide,” Sloan said more to himself than to get on the woman’s nerves as she woke up. “The blacks would give more for him alive. But this is fine — we already got ten crystals for Valia, and they’ll probably give us the same for the boy’s body. You, on the other hand, are cheap. Just two for you!”
Sloan prattled on to pass the time, not suspecting that anyone else could hear him. While Tailyn had long since freed his legs and could have left the cave, he was in no hurry to do so. The mercenary had forgotten to turn off the microphone when he opened Valanil’s visor. That meant the boy knew what was going on, not to mention the fact that the black lixes had Valia.
Suddenly, the black spear showed back up. The ancient monster remembered that there was one more chunk of meat in its mouth, and it wanted it. Realizing that its prey might have relocated while it was indisposed, the creature began searching the cave from the beginning. Tailyn watched in horror as the tongue approached. The bonfire didn’t appear, the alchemical fire had burned out, and it looked like even the stars in the sky were hidden behind clouds. As it crawled around in the complete darkness, the appendage elicited a sticky fear that clutched at Tailyn’s soul, and he lost control. The boy grabbed another flask with alchemical fire and heaved it across the cave, only it fell a few meters short. The flames that leaped up barely singed the tongue. With lightning speed, it ducked into the wall, only that time there was no deafening roar. Tailyn sensed that something was wrong and dove back down into the sticky goo. The stone above his head erupted — the black tongue’s strike had been so quick that the boy hadn’t even seen it.
Pulling on his leg, Tailyn found that he was stuck yet again. The monster flung out his tongue once more, only at the last moment it stopped and plunged down onto the boy. Flexible steel wrapped itself around his chest like a boa constrictor. And just then, when he realized that all hope was lost, he looked up and saw Sloan standing a few meters away from the cave.
“That’s not good,” the fighter said as the monster jerked its tongue back along with its victim. Tailyn’s breath caught in his throat when he flew off dozens of meters in a matter of seconds and was sucked into the wall. Having seen what happened, Sloan could only raise his eyebrows as the alchemical fire burned itself out and a dark calm settled back over the cave. The stone teeth disappeared, the entrance opened wide, and a fire appeared near the far wall where the boy had vanished just a few minutes before.
“Oh, wow,” Sloan said, stepping away from the cave. He’d seen how quickly the monster’s black tongue worked. And he’d already figured out that it was a monster’s mouth, that monster being so high-level that even he couldn’t read it. The ranger was going to have to disappoint Berad — the boy was gone without a trace. Even his bones were lost forever. Perhaps, if Sloan summoned the god to witness that the monster had swallowed Tailyn, the blacks would open their purses — they were going to want confirmation that Halas’ enemy was dead. Sloan needed to have a chat with the boss. He was smart, and he’d definitely figure out how to get as many crystals as possible.
“Well, that’s that,” Sloan said, turning back to Valanil and heaving her up onto his shoulder. It was time to head back to the group. “Tailyn Vlashich is no more.”
Chapter 5
THE BLACK TONGUE released Tailyn as soon as he was through the wall. The boy was able to feel something soft and pliable — the hit didn’t knock the wind out of him. A little disorientation later, as up became down and then up again, and he found himself in a wide, smooth intestine leading steeply downward. Throwing out his arms, he tried to stop his slide, but it didn’t work. There was nothing to hold on to. And not only that, but his side ached — the monster had broken a rib. The timer told him he’d be feeling better in half an hour, but how was he going to find that kind of time down in the monster’s innards?
Finally, Tailyn was able to pull out his knife and thrust it into the intestinal lining. The metal slipped in without a problem, only that didn’t help in the least. The knife cut through the creature’s body like butter, eliciting neither blood nor screams of pain. Apparently, the thick-skinned creature didn’t even notice something that insignificant, and a Tailyn just plunged ahead even faster. A few moments later, he swished out of the intestine, hung for a few moments in mid-air, and dropped like a rock into a pool of bubbling goo.
The impact hurt, the pain in his chest exploding with even greater intensity. Stunned and confused, Tailyn settled to the bottom, and it was only the message that popped up that goaded him into fighting for his life.
300 damage received.
Shield reduced. Remaining: 21254.
The notifications kept coming every second. For a little while, Tailyn laid on the bottom of the creature’s stomach as he tried to figure out what to do, though he soon pushed off and breached the surface. Bubbles popped all around him, but there was nothing they could do given the boy’s huge shield. Also, the stomach juices didn’t seem as potent as the concentrated acid alchemists made. It couldn’t get through his shield.
Using his scanner, Tailyn found a small area of high ground and swam over. The knife in his hand sloughed off into the goo and dissolved, showing the boy what awaited him the moment his shield ran out. Of course, that brought to mind the somewhat less than apropos thought that he wasn’t going to be getting rich down there — all the loot just dissolved. Getting rid of that idiotic thought, he got to the high ground and jumped up, brushing the remains of the acid off himself. The damage kept coming, only at a much lower level.
10 damage received.
Shield reduced. Remaining: 6556.
Apparently, there was acid in the air, too, and it was slowly eating at his shield. Tailyn looked around and shivered. If the stomach was that big, it was terrifying to think how big the monster itself was. The two sides were thirty meters apart if not more. And finding out where the lower intestine was and where it emptied out was nothing something Tailyn was the least bit interested in. He’d barely made it out of the acid as it was.
Speaking of which, the boy hurled a flask of it against the wall and cursed a moment later. The glass shattered, and the contents splattered against the stomach lining, but there was no effect. The lining handled the damage without a problem. Next, a flask of alchemical fire followed suit, but it didn’t give Tailyn what he was looking for, either. The fire was dull and weak. Not only that, but it slid down the lining like a well-oiled frying pan only to dissolve in the acid below. All it did was light up the area, revealing the goo’s sickening dark green color. The stomach walls were white and slimy, and while thick chunks of flesh kept falling off, they were immediately replaced by new expanses that in turn began to slough off. It was an eternal process. In fact, it was almost like the creature was digesting itself. The high ground Tailyn was standing on turned out to be a skull belonging to some enormous animal, time and the acid having had no effect on the tough bone. The boy bent over the goo, his scanner showing that the bottom of the stomach was also littered with bones. The unknown creature had left a legacy behind.
Next, the boy began trying his cards out on the creature. His electric strike did nothing. A fireball did cut out a chunk of the wall, but it quickly regenerated, the charred piece falling into the acid and quickly dissolving without a trace. Tailyn checked his shield. Over the previous ten minutes, the air had just about knocked him out, dropping him to 556.
You used Enhanced Shield-I 5 times.
Your shield was enhanced by 2235 (2791).
Charges remaining: 45 of 50.
He had 3,620 mana remaining. Each complete charge of his card cost 350, while each full card bought him thirty-three minutes of life down there in the nightmare he was living. After adding in the twenty mana he earned every hour, he could calculate exactly how much time remained before his story ran its course — seven hours. In that time, he had to figure out how to get out. If that was even possible…
* * *
Right then, Sloan was deactivating the protective barrier around the camp and dumping his load down in front of the commander.
“Where’s Faro?” Berad knew the mercenary and his group were dead. It wasn’t the worst of news, but as the commander, he did need to know what had happened. Feuds in the detachment were not to be tolerated even if it was Sloan who started them.
“They were eaten,” Sloan replied, retelling what had happened in the cave. Berad sighed in relief. His second-in-command hadn’t been involved in their deaths, and his reputation wouldn’t suffer.
“What about the kid?”
“Same story,” Sloan said, exhaling as he did. “That thing ate him, too.”
“Are you sure?”
“I saw it happen with my own two eyes. If you want, I’ll ask the god to witness to it.”
“Keep that for the black lixes.” Berad quickly refocused, leaving that ace up his sleeve for the future. It wasn’t a great idea to go back to the well of divine intervention too often. The god didn’t like getting involved in the lives of people, and it was prone to punish abusers of the privilege.
“I need to see this for myself,” Berad said. The ancient monster was intriguing, and the crystal fence was going to take a risk. If he didn’t, he would regret it well into his old age. Touching a legend… It was an amazing opportunity. “Is the fire still burning?”
“It was when I left.”
“Lead the way! Elrn, you’re coming with me. Get Angela ready,” Berad said.
“She’s always ready,” the tubby fellow said as he leaped to his feet. Compared to the other fighters, all of which looked as sleek as cheetahs, Elrn was more of a hippo. Fat, chronically short of breath, and unwieldy. But he did have one advantage that made him an invaluable member of the team: Angela, a personal weapon. Hidden under that charming name was a wind lance that was two meters wide — as Berad referred to it, the group’s closing argument. Angela made short work of armor through level four and barely paid any attention to personal shields. The impact was so strong, in fact, that even if the target somehow survived the initial hit, they vomited up their insides just a few moments later. Since Angela could only shoot once every ten minutes, Berad tried to save it for special occasions, and that was just such a case.
“Load up!” he ordered as he cased the cave opening. If it hadn’t been for the story he’d heard from Sloan, someone he trusted implicitly, he never would have believed it was a trap. It was a welcoming fire, an empty cave, and not one single hint that they were looking at a monster.
“Ready,” Elrn said. “Where should I shoot?”
“Aim for the wall right above the fire. Take the shot.”
The fat warrior chuckled and hit the button. One flash later, and the spear swept through the wall like it wasn’t even there.
“Hey!” Elrn exclaimed in disappointment, having been expecting a fire show of stone and wood, but that was instead the end of his time in the world. The area around the trio erupted, and they all clutched their ears in an attempt to keep the deafening roar out. And while they didn’t get a debuff where they were standing, that didn’t mean they got off scot-free. The mountains quivered, rocks rained down, and the monster replied instantly. The long, black spear pierced both Elrn and his wind lance, yanking them both back into the mouth.
The fire was gone. Still, Berad’s scanner told him there was a hole the size of a human leading deep below right where they’d been aiming the spear. And the spear itself was jutting out at the edge of his range. The ancient monster, having tossed Elrn into its stomach, was using its tongue to try and pull the irritant out, only it wasn’t really working. The rockfall intensified as it grew even angrier. Berad felt a slight bit of elation as he thought they’d taken out a monster they’d be well rewarded for, only it was at that moment that the tongue managed to wrap itself around the spear. Yanking it out and tossing it to the side, the creature chose to let the wound heal rather than cutting loose another roar. But that didn’t keep it from counterattacking.
“Move!” Sloan yelled, sensing something was wrong. Shoving Berad to the side, the ranger jumped after him, and a thick, tooth-like appendage sprouted out of the ground right where they’d been standing. It smacked of death. There was goo smeared over it, and the smell hit their nostrils with a tang — poison.
“Let’s go!” Berad jumped up and dashed off, unwilling to see if his personal armor was capable of standing up to the poison. Completely trusting Sloan’s sixth sense and barely dodging the spikes that kept popping up, the pair sprinted down the mountain.
“Horses!” the commander yelled as he leaped from boulder to boulder. “We have to get out of here!”
His troops had been trained well. Nobody asked what the hurry was about, instantly following orders the second they heard them despite knowing it could have just been a drill. Berad liked to run them, kicking out anyone who didn’t make it in time. And that was why his group was considered the best in the region — they were always ready for anything.
The poisonous teeth stopped shooting up out of the ground as soon as they got far enough away from the mountain. Apparently, the monster only controlled a limited amount of area, so Berad led the group another couple kilometers away just to make sure before stopping their wild gallop and giving orders to dismount and set up the security system. By way of apology, the lix shaman had handed him a one-time portal scroll, so they were going to be able to jump right back to the lix hideout the next morning without wasting time on a long ride. But the job right then was to figure out how to maximize what the black lixes were willing to give them in exchange for news about Tailyn Vlashich’s death. Berad also needed to figure out a good excuse for why he hadn’t been able to get his hands on the boy’s body…and maybe even pin the failure on someone else.
* * *
Tailyn right then was enjoying some peace and quiet. He’d already begun to panic about not being able to get out of the trap, and that was when he was deafened by yet another roar coming from the monster. Happily, he didn’t get slapped with a debuff. Just about sliding into the acid, he was barely holding on to the skull by an eye socket when a body holding something in its hands plopped into the stomach and almost instantly began turning into an ugly splotch. That elicited a shocked yell from the boy. A few moments later, he was once again cheered by his OGM-III’s waste removal system and the fact that nobody was around to notice his shame.
But the most important part happened a little while later when the passageway leading down into the stomach opened and let in clean air. The ten damage he’d been taking every second stopped. Tailyn wasn’t sure how long that was going to last, so he savored every moment. In the meantime, the monster shook and gurgled, almost like it was annoyed about something, though it finally fell silent and returned to its centuries-old state of rest. The phantom fire was lit to attract new victims, but the key for Tailyn was that the creature’s throat remained open. And the damage was in no hurry to resume.
Group renamed. New name: Survive! I don’t know how, but survive! They have Valia!
Valanil was alive. The audio connection wasn’t working anymore, so renaming the group was the only way to communicate — and even it was only one-way. A warmth spread through Tailyn, who’d been very afraid the crystal fences had killed the herbalist as soon as they’d caught her. He laid down on the skull, figuring he needed time to think, and a moment later was fast asleep. But his dreams were filled with anything but rainbows and ponies. Five hours later, Tailyn sat up with a sudden yell. His face was drenched in sweat, and the nightmare receded, leaving only a painful sensation of helplessness in its wake. All the boy could remember was how he’d been wrapped in vines that tore him into pieces and dropped those pieces from a tremendous height.
But that problem paled in comparison to the new timer that had popped up. Tailyn’s OGM-III had just thirty minutes worth of oxygen remaining. The automated system had turned off all supporting functions, explaining why Tailyn had been dealing with the nightmares. And as the air grew thin, the boy’s head felt heavy. Hence, the vines.
Suddenly, his eyes widened. Bingo. It was a tip from the god — not vines, but plants. He had three flasks of accelerated growth, and the alchemist’s bag presumably had some saplings or seeds. If there really were vines, they’d grow up through the open passageway, giving him a way to climb out.
There weren’t any better ideas, at least.
The boy began digging through the list of materials in his alchemist’s bag. Flowers, powders, and stones were all set aside immediately — they were pointless right then. And with them out of the picture, Tailyn found himself staring at the only thing that might work: an oak stalk. His subconscious told him alchemists didn’t use the stalk itself, just harvesting the leaves that grew on it, and that meant they needed to be fresh and clear of any other processes. But it was the stalk itself Tailyn needed. Whole and intact.
He was going to have to act fast since the plant might quickly die in that kind of air. With that in mind, Tailyn placed three flasks of accelerated growth on the skull, cleared the acid out of an empty eye socket, and took a few deep breaths the way Valanil had taught him. The nerves disappeared, replaced by firm resolution. As soon as the stalk had materialized in his hands, the boy deftly pulled the cork out of the first flask and dumped the contents on the plant. The empty container was sent flying into the acid and replaced by the next one, but the process had begun. The plant began to thicken in Tailyn’s hands, and by the time he’d poured the second flask, he couldn’t even hold onto the quickly growing trunk. That wasn’t enough, however. Tailyn threw away the second flask and poured the third accelerated growth, the roots burrowed deep into the acid, and while steam began to pour up, the plant continued to sprout higher. As the trunk widened, Tailyn found himself just about shoved off the skull, which forced him to grab a branch, hang in the air above the acid, and begin soaring high above it.
The mountain shuddered like never before. The oak roots had cut through the creature’s stomach juices, not to mention the thick layer of lifeless flesh, and had found their way to the other organs — all they represented to the tree were sources of growth and energy. The oak began to greedily devour the monster, who screamed in pain but couldn’t do anything. Soon enough, its entire stomach and open esophagus had been surrendered to the crazed tree. With its triple helping of enhanced growth, the oak was showing itself in all its glory, the branch Tailyn was clutching cutting through the stomach wall and continuing upward. The boy could barely breathe. Still, there was no stopping, as the oak was being fueled by the ancient monster’s organs. Everything around Tailyn shook — the mountain housing the giant monster could no longer hold back the oak, and the tree burst into the open. The sun was shining overhead. Tailyn kept flying upward, his arms squeezing the branch for dear life.
Finally free and feeling the glorious sunlight on its leaves, the tree lost it for good. It stretched skyward as it did its best to break completely free of its stone prison. The roots probed even deeper, cutting through monster and stone alike, and finally reached the soil below only to instantly suck the juices out of it. The underwater stream dried up, all the plants within a few kilometers shriveled up and died, and it was only then that the oak decided it had had enough.
It stopped growing, its crown half a kilometer wide.
Tailyn opened his eyes before quickly shutting them again. His head spun when he saw how far away the ground was.
Survive! I don’t know how, but survive! They have Valia! destroyed G’Rul, an ancient monster spawned on the first day of the release. It remained on the planet after the exodus, having escaped the cleansing. You earned a generous reward by freeing up significant resources.
***
Enhancement +3 (16)
Attention! Error detected…
Returning to previous state.
Enhancement -3 (13)
Humans prior to level 20 cannot boost their base attribute and skill levels past 15…
Finding a solution…
Solution found!
***
Enhancement +2 (15)
