
*****************************************************
*****************************************************
Your ebook has decrypted.
The TXT file just save 20% of ebook content.
Please register the software, then get all contents and the valid ebook format.
*****************************************************
*****************************************************


    PROLOGUE
[Lion City – Commoners District] 
Austen, a young man with auburn hair, knocked on the door. The door creaked open, and an old man appeared. 
Austen smiled. “Good morning, sir.” He presented a neatly folded coat. “Here are the clothes you’ve ordered.” 
The old man opened the door farther. He stared at the smiling Austen, then at the clothes the young man held in his hands. He frowned. 
“You’re late.” 
As though he had practiced it a thousand times before, Austen immediately bowed his head. “I’m sorry, sir! I’ve ran into a bit of trouble along the way. Again, I’m sorry.” 
Now that the old man had taken a careful look, he noticed that Austen’s clothes were tattered, mottled with dirt and mud. His left cheek was swollen, and his lower lip was busted. Surprisingly, however, the coat he presented was in perfect condition. 
The old man realized that the young chap must have been telling the truth. He looked up to the dark skies above. The rain had stopped only a few minutes ago yet the coat was dry, as though not a single rain drop had fallen on it. 
The old man sighed. “How much was it again?” 
“Three silvers, sir.” 
The old man pulled some coins from his pouch then handed them to the young man. 
Austen handed the coat over then quickly counted the coins. He realized that there was an extra twenty coppers there. 
“Sir, the amount—” 
“It’s yours,” said the old man. “Keep it.” He stared again at the young man’s clothes. “They’re selling cheap tunics around fifteen coppers each near the slaughterhouse. Use the money to buy yourself one.” 
Austen’s eyes glimmered. He took a deep breath then said loudly, “Thank you, sir!” 
The young man’s behavior reminded the old man of a military salute, at attention and respectful. A small grin formed on his face. 
Austen hummed to himself after he delivered the product to the customer. He was merely an errand boy, a young man with quick legs.  
Although the old man had told him to buy himself a new tunic, Austen did not have any intention of doing so. What he needed right now was food enough to feed his five siblings. The extra coppers would go a long way toward taking care of them. As the eldest child, he had been the family’s supporting pillar ever since their parents died. 
Austen was about to go back to the tailor shop to deliver the payment from the old man when he suddenly came to a stop.  
“Damn it,” he mumbled. With his keen eyes, he spotted the same thugs who had been chasing after him several hours ago. They were now huddled on the street corner, their burly bodies tall and menacing. 
Austen was about to back away stealthily and find another route to the tailor shop when one of the thugs noticed him. The man quickly told his comrades, and soon, each one was staring at Austen’s direction.  
“Crap,” he muttered.  
Austen took several steps back before turning around and running. Behind him, he could hear the thugs shouting at him. 
“Stupid little shit! Stop! Come back here!” 
No one would actually stop after hearing those words. On the contrary, the commands propelled Austen forward even faster, his eyes darting left and right as he tried finding a way out. 
When he had first encountered the thugs several days ago, they were bullying him into paying a protection fee for entering what they claimed as their territory. He obviously refused to do so. But who could have guessed such as small dispute would lead to this? Had Austen known better, he would have just handed over those fifty coppers in exchange for a tranquil month. 
“God damn it!” he cursed under huffing breaths. The area where he worked was within the thug territory. He knew that his life would only become increasingly harder from now on. 
Over there. 
He ran into an alley. This place was a maze, but it would eventually lead him to his safety. 
Or so he thought. 
At the end of the alley, several men waited for his arrival. The moment Austen got out, he was struck by a wooden pole to the head, and a kick came flying right at his stomach. 
Like hyenas around fallen prey, the thugs surrounded him at all sides as he remained sprawled on the muddy ground.  
Austen coughed several times. Although his head throbbed, he gingerly tried to stand up. 
“Hello, little pup?” One of the thugs smiled, showing a rotting set of teeth. “Enjoyed the chase, didn’t you?” 
Enjoyed, my ass, Austen wanted to retort, but he was afraid that it would aggravate their fury even further. 
“If you just paid the protection fee, this wouldn’t happen.” 
Another thug quipped, “A little dumb, aren’t we?” 
As though it was the most hilarious joke they’d ever heard, the guys around Austen laughed boisterously.  
“Hey boss, look.” One of the thugs pointed at the tattered pouch on Austen’s waist. A small hole revealed the silver coins Austen had earned, which made the thugs grin from ear to ear. 
“We’ll be having beer tonight,” said the boss. “My treat.” 
The thugs whistled as they looked at Austen with eyes full of greed. 
Without warning, a kick came flying at Austen. It struck him right at the stomach, making him kneel down upon impact. He vomited on the ground. 
I can’t let them take the money. If the boss finds out, I’ll be fired. 
It was hard to find a job nowadays. He could not afford to lose this position. He had several siblings to feed, after all. 
Austen’s thoughts came at him one after another, just like the punches and kicks flying at his head and torso. The thugs were evidently enjoying this, chuckling at every hit. 
Still, Austen did not let go of the pouch on his waist. He gnashed his teeth as he did his best to stay conscious. He knew that the moment he gave in to the pain, he would lose his money, and everything would be over. 
Forget the beatings. His family would die from hunger. 
“Fuck? What the hell’s wrong with this bastard?” 
Austen glared fiercely, and the thugs were momentarily taken aback. Despite the beatings, his eyes continued to blaze with life. Even with hit after hit, the young man refused to give away the pouch. 
Though they continued beating Austen, the thugs suddenly felt chills crawling down their spines. They’d heard the saying before: a cornered rat will bite a cat. If glares could kill, they would all be dead by now. 
“Hey! What are you doing over there?” 
The men heard a shout. There at the end of the alley, they saw three men wearing leather armor, with swords dangling on their waists. 
“The soldiers?” said the boss of the thugs. “Damn it. Let’s scram.” 
They glanced at Austen one more time before they ran from sight. 
The soldiers hurriedly went toward Austen. They froze the moment they saw his battered body. 
“Are you… alright?” The soldiers helped him stand up. “What happened here?” 
Austen merely shook his head. The patrol in Lion City was corrupted. At least, that was the way it was for commoners. Nothing would change even if he reported those guys to these soldiers. Instead, he would just become a priority target for the thugs. 
“It’s nothing,” he choked out. “I need to get going. Thank you.” 
The soldiers did not pry into the matter any further. They simply watched as Austen disappeared from their sight. 
*** 
After delivering the money to the tailor shop’s owner, Austen immediately went to the Market District to buy food for his siblings. His aching body could wait. His priority right now was to feed his starving family. It had been two days since they last ate. 
Currently, he had sixty coppers with him. It was a pitiable amount, considering the fact that he had five more mouths to feed. The second oldest child also used to work as an errand boy, but after falling ill, the task of procuring food for the family now fell completely on Austen's shoulders.  
To make matters worse, the Black Famine has struck the kingdom. The city of Mavas, which provided the supply of wheat for Lion City, was devastated by the swarm. The prices of food sky-rocketed. 
The price. Please, let these sixty coppers be enough to feed my siblings even just for tonight. 
Austen’s heart thumped as he approached the cheapest stall he knew of. 
“Ah, Austen.” The vendor was familiar with the young man and his circumstances. He had gotten used to seeing the young man’s body in tatters. “Wheat or bread?” 
Austen took out the coppers from his pouch. He resisted the urge to collapse to the ground. The pain coursing through his entire body was excruciating. 
“Wheat.” 
The vendor understood. He took the copper coins then gave Austen a small bag filled to the brim with wheat. Upon seeing this, Austen’s eyes grew wide to the point of popping out. 
For a moment, he thought that the vendor had taken pity of his plight and decided to add more wheat in the bag than usual. 
“That face. You haven’t heard of it yet, eh?” said the vendor. 
Austen didn’t reply. He was still gawking at the wheat-filled bag. 
“It happened five days ago,” said the vendor. “The Merchants Guild has secured a steady supply of wheat and poultry for the city.” 
Austen’s body trembled. To a pauper like him, this was great news.  
“Blackstone Town, was it?” said the vendor. “It seems like that place was untouched by the swarm. And this is the interesting part.” The vendor lowered his voice, as though the next words absolutely could not be leaked out. “They say that the farmlands there have enough wheat for harvest to feed a small portion of the entire kingdom.” 
Austen gasped. He almost shouted and praised the gods for the existences of Blackstone Town. 
The vendor smiled. “Here. Take it.” He pushed the small bag toward Austen, and the young man grabbed it. 
“Ah, by the way.” The vendor scrutinized Austen from head to foot. “You’re still working for that tailor shop?” 
Austen nodded. 
The vendor took out a piece of parchment from his bag. “Look at this.” 
Austen could not read, so he merely stared at the parchment. The vendor was aware of this, so he said, “It says here that Blackstone Town is hiring additional hands. Farmers, miners, masons, even the military. Minimum payment’s six silvers. For the military, it’s eleven silvers.” 
Austen was stunned speechless. He immediately understood what the vendor was trying to say. The tailor shop was paying him around two silvers a month. It was not enough to feed five more mouths. 
“You’re still young, so this might be the perfect opportunity for you,” said the vendor. “I’ve heard that a lot of people are planning on migrating to Blackstone Town. Oh, and there’s also the rumor that their lord personally crushed a legion of beastmen several months ago. But I doubt that’s true. Still, the Merchants Guild vouched for the authenticity of this recruitment, so the salary’s probably real.” 
Six silvers. Those two words sounded so tempting that Austen stood frozen for a moment. 
And what if he got accepted in the military? He would be handsomely rewarded with eleven silvers each month—a dream he would never achieve in this rotten city. 
Furthermore, he had become the target of those thugs several days ago. The more he contemplated, the more it became apparent which choice he should take. 
“I’ll go,” Austen said finally. 
The vendor smiled. “I guess I’m losing a loyal customer, eh? Here. Take this.” 
Austen stared at the coin placed on top of the counter. 
“That’s a silver coin,” said Austen. “Why?” 
“A whim, I guess?” said the vendor. “Besides, your father was a friend of mine. Just think of it as a parting gift from this mister who couldn’t leave Lion City.” 
Austen’s body trembled. He willed the tears from forming. He mumbled, “Th— Thank you.” 
The vendor was still smiling. “The Merchants Guild regularly comes to Blackstone Town. I think the next caravan is in a couple of hours. Austen, use that silver coin to start a new life in that place. Take the other kids with you. You are still young. I’m sure you’ll manage to get by somehow.” 
Austen was unable to contain his tears any longer. He bowed his head to hide it. “Thank you. Thank you very much!” 
He decided to travel to Blackstone Town. 
CHAPTER ONE
Lark had just finished his daily mana training when he received news that the mason wished to see him. Wiping the sweat off his brow, he half-emptied the flask on the table and went down to the mansion’s hall. Silver Claw, the man in charge of all the construction works in town, was already waiting for him there. 
Upon seeing Lark, the man went straight to the point. 
“Young master,” said the mason. “The training hall’s been finished.” 
Lark whistled. “That’s fast. I thought it would take a week more?” 
The mason grinned. “That’s what I thought too. But you see, we’ve been receiving a lot of immigrants lately from Lion City. The population of this town’s growing and it’s becoming easier to find laborers for these tasks.” 
Lark was aware of this. Being an exporter of wheat in a time when the Black Famine had just struck the kingdom surely made an impact. The rumors of how he drove back a legion of beastmen was quickly spreading in the main land. Although majority of people did not believe it, it was still enough to spread Lark’s name far and wide. Those who sought new possibilities and opportunities grabbed this chance to start anew in Blackstone Town. Each week, every time the merchants arrived, the population of the town would increase by the dozens. 
The recently finished training hall was near the southern border, just fifteen minutes away from the poultry farm. When Lark and the mason arrived, there were still several laborers inside. Some were carrying unused wood, while others carried saws and hammers. 
Lark looked around the training hall. It reminded him of the temples located in the suburbs of the Magic Empire. The floor was paved and several stone pillars surrounded the arena at the center. These pillars served not as supporting structures, but instead as mediums for the magic arrays spread all throughout the entire hall. Above, the sun seeped through the large gaping hole of the wooden roof directly above the arena. 
Following Lark’s design, the mason ordered his men to carve these peculiar symbols on the pillars before filling the grooves with gold and ormatane dust. On top of the stone pillars were Kalrane Stones, each of them positioned strategically to absorb light during the day and emit it during the night, making the hall functional at any time. 
Lark moved around and inspected the magic formations engraved inside the pillars. After some time, he nodded and said, “There are hardly any defects. This should be good enough for now.” 
Although it was not perfect, it was enough to serve its purpose. Lark planned to use this training hall to boost the overall might of his army. 
“Summon Anandra and the Blackstone soldiers,” said Lark. “Tell Gaston to bring all the humanoids here too, while you’re at it.” 
“You heard the young master,” said the mason to one of his men. “Go.” 
After several minutes, around a hundred men entered the training hall. Most of them looked around curiously, their eyes glued to the symbols engraved on the stone pillars. 
“The Blackstone soldiers greet the young master,” said Anandra. He made his salute and, behind him, the other soldiers followed suit. 
Lark nodded in approval. He looked at the open door of the training hall and watched Gaston and the humanoids as they arrived. 
“Just in time,” said Lark. “Perfect.” 
After gathering everyone, Lark led them to the arena. 
“Anandra,” said Lark. 
“Young master?” said the man with the golden hair. 
“How’s the training of the soldiers?” 
“Most of them have gotten used to the basics of the spear. I can confidently say that they wouldn’t lose easily even against the soldiers from Lion City.” 
This was good news. Lark did not expect everyone to become masters of the spear in just a few months, but at the very least, he wanted them to grasp the basic movements. They needed to master the basics of thrust, pull, and cut. 
In addition to training the basic movements, the Blackstone soldiers also never neglected stamina training. Just like when they first started, everyone was required to run a set distance while carrying a spear. 
“Listen,” said Lark. Everyone’s eyes fell on him. “I’m sure you’ve all realized this by now after battling with the beastmen.” He paused looking at his men. “The battlefield is far different from your everyday training. The basic movements we are trying to engrave into your bodies can help you only to a certain extent.” 
The Blackstone soldiers stiffened. Although two months had passed since the invasion of the beastmen, everything was still vivid in their minds. None of them could refute the young master’s statement. Indeed, during a real life-or-death battle, there were no set rules. The basics of the spear could help them only somewhat. 
“What everyone needs right now is experience,” said Lark. “And for that, I created this training hall.” 
Lark pointed at Captain Qarat, the second-in-command of the soldiers of Blackstone Town.  
“This hall is built with the purpose of increasing the regenerative capacities of those inside. We could even convert it into an infirmary during times of war. Captain, use that short sword on your waist and cut your arm.” 
Everyone was puzzled. Even Captain Qarat hesitated. 
“It’s fine.” Lark’s voice was imposing. “Do it.” 
A bit hesitant, Captain Qarat pulled out his short sword and made a deep cut on his arm. He flinched. Blood dripped profusely onto the ground. 
“Now, focus,” said Lark. “Will the wounds to close on its own. Imaging that this entire hall is going to heed your instructions.” 
Despite the peculiarities, Qarat followed Lark’s words. He closed his eyes and concentrated with all his might. To everyone’s surprise, the symbols on the pillars glowed, and particles of light started forming near Qarat’s wound. After several seconds, the wound closed on its own. 
Qarat heard the gasps of surprise from his fellow soldiers. Upon opening his eyes, he was stunned speechless. The wound was gone. 
Lark raised five fingers. “Five times. Judging by the amount of mana in your body, you can probably do it again five more times. Of course, bigger wounds will consume a lot more mana, while the smaller ones will use less.” 
Qarat opened and closed his mouth several times, trying to find his voice. When he eventually did, he asked, “I… I used healing magic?” 
His voice was almost a whisper, but everyone heard it. 
Lark nodded. “That’s right. The same is applicable to anyone else while inside this hall. The pillars surrounding you will serve as mediums and will help you cast the lowest grade of healing magic. The only limitation is the amount of mana within your bodies.” 
The words that came out of the young master’s mouth was absurd—healing magic was one of the most coveted spells. Even the weakest healers would easily find a job in the capital. 
“Silver Claw, the wooden spears?” said Lark. 
“They’re in the storage room of this training hall,” said the mason. 
“Bring them over here.” 
“As you wish.” 
The mason and his men started handing out wooden spears to all of the soldiers. 
Lark cleared his throat. “When you train inside this arena, all wounds inflicted on you will be healed as long as you have enough mana. Grab this chance to hone yourselves.” 
Lark tossed a wooden spear to one of the humanoids, the creatures made from the essence of basilisks, Gaston had brought. Upon seeing this, several soldiers realized what the young master was implying. 
“These guys will be your sparring partners.” Lark pointed at the humanoid creatures. “Despite their appearance, they’re far stronger than your average beastman.” 
One of the soldiers gulped. He voiced his concerns out loud. “Although they’ll be using wooden spears… wouldn’t we die if we get a direct hit?” 
If what the young master said was true—that these guys were stronger than a beastman—then taking a direct hit even from a wooden spear could be fatal. 
“It’s fine.” Lark smiled. “I’ve ordered these guys to use only a fraction of their strength for now. Basically, they’ll be matching the strength of their opponents. The difficulty will increase only once you get used to these mock battles.” 
Everyone realized the effectiveness of this training regimen. Even if they were pummeled to the ground, they would not suffer casualties as long as they were inside this arena and as long as they have enough mana. This way, they would gain battle experience from fighting stronger opponents without the risk of being injured or killed in training. 
“There are nine sparring partners available.” Lark referred to the humanoid creatures. “Qarat, pick nine soldiers.” 
Qarat saluted. Soon, nine soldiers entered the arena. They gripped their wooden spears tightly, their eyes vigilantly watching the unmoving humanoids at the center of the arena. Looking intently at the humanoids, the soldiers realized how long their opponents’ arms were, and how much of a huge advantage they had. 
“Hey, isn’t this… unfair?” one of the soldiers asked.  
But before another one of them could complain, Lark sent out the signal to start. 
“Begin!” said Lark. 
On cue, the humanoids started locking on to their targets. With their long arms, the reach of their spears almost doubled. The startled soldiers tried blocking their attacks, but each of the humanoids’ strikes carried great weight, making their arms numb from impact. 
Soon, the difference between the two groups became evident. In less than two minutes, the spears of the soldiers were sent flying. They were struck by their opponents at the abdomen, sending them flying then rolling on the ground. 
One of the soldiers vomited blood. Seeing this, the rest of the soldiers watching the fight shivered in fear. Were they supposed to fight those things to gain battle experience? 
“Young master?” said one of the soldiers. 
“Hmm?” Lark quizzically looked at the pallid man. 
“You told us that those things are going to use only a fraction of their strength…” The soldier’s voice trailed off. That did not seem to be the case with these humanoids. 
“That’s right,” said Lark, as though it was the most obvious thing. “If they had used even half their strength, everyone in that arena would be dead.” 
After all, each of them was made from the fragmented essence of a Calamity Class Monster. 
After hearing the young master’s statement, the Blackstone soldiers began fearing for their lives. Even if this arena permitted them to use healing magic, a single mistake by those humanoids may cost them their lives. They were also not immune to the excruciating pain of having their flesh and bones torn to shreds after every spar. 
Lark was aware of the thoughts running through everyone’s minds—it was obvious by the expressions on their faces. 
“You may think this is torture, but believe me,” said Lark. “You’ll thank me for this after a few years. This is a lot better than dying like a dog in the battlefield.” 
Several soldiers groaned. Lark chuckled. His eyes swiveled toward the arena. The defeated soldiers were still sprawled on the ground. 
“Hey! Did you forget?” shouted Lark. “Use healing magic!” 
It was only then that the defeated soldiers remembered that this special area permitted them to use healing spells of the lowest rank. They concentrated with all their might, determined to heal their broken bones and torn flesh. 
Just as before, the symbols on the pillars glowed and particles of light gathered on their wounds. After some time, the pain disappeared. The soldiers started standing up one by one. 
“Since you’ve healed yourselves, let’s start with the next round.” Like a demon, Lark ordered the humanoids to prepare for another round of battle. “We’ll continue this until you run out of mana.” 
Everyone who heard this shivered. They did not know that the young master was a demon when it came to training the soldiers. Running around the mansion’s hall three hundred times was better than this. 
“Experience is the best teacher, right?” Lark grinned. “We’ll drill into your bodies what a real battlefield is like.” 
After a short pause, Lark commanded, “Second round. Begin!” 
CHAPTER TWO
[Lion City] 
Austen grabbed the opportunity to start anew. Without even tending to his wounds, he immediately went back to his family’s self-made shack in the slums. He placed the wheat on their only table and started packing their bags. The place stank, and numerous flies and mosquitoes buzzed about. 
“Brother, why are you packing our things?” asked George a boy in his early teenage years. The boy was bedridden after suffering an injury while running an errand in the city. With his injuries left untreated, what started as a simple wound became a crippling illness. Austen had tried seeking for help from herbalists, but none of them would work for free. 
“We’re leaving the city,” said Austen. He continued to fit as many items in the bag with his slender arms as possible. 
“We’re leaving the city?” asked Diane, the third oldest child, tilting her head in confusion. 
Austen nodded. “That’s right. We’re going to this wonderful place called Blackstone Town. Your brother will find a job there. We’ll no longer suffer from hunger. I’ll make sure of it.” 
Austen did not know what awaited them in that town. All he knew was that his siblings needed his reassurance and his protection. All of them were born in Lion City, and the prospect of leaving for a new town in the middle of the wilderness could trigger fear and anxiety in the young ones. He silently prayed to the gods to guide him on this path. 
“When are we leaving? Tomorrow?” said the second child. 
“Tonight,” corrected Austen. “We’re leaving now.” 
He had finally finished packing what little they had. After making sure that his silver coin was still inside his pouch, he deeply breathed in. “Listen,” he said to his siblings. “The Merchants Guild received an urgent order from Blackstone Town, and their caravan is leaving an hour or two from now. We’re coming with them to the town. I’ve already talked with the merchants.” 
Initially, the fee the merchants wanted to charge for the six of them was exorbitant. But Austen managed to lower the price from two silvers to eighty coppers after he promised to take care of the horses and the carts during their travel. Although they would have nothing to their name but twenty coppers when they reach the town, Austen decided to risk it. 
“Diane,” said Austen, “you and Kirk will carry the bag. George can’t move, so I’ll carry him on my back.” 
The two older kids nodded. Austen passed them the bag, and they helped each other in lifting it up. 
“Belle, you’ll be responsible for Ian. Make sure to hold each other’s hands,” said Austen. He paused and locked eyes with each one. “Do you guys still remember what Dad used to remind us all the time?” 
The kids replied in unison: “Cherish the family! No one gets left behind!” 
A smile formed on Austen’s lips. “Good. Let’s go!” 
Thankfully, no one objected to Austen’s decision to leave the city. The family of six moved out of the slums and traveled to where the caravan waited. 
When they arrived, Austen was surprised to see three familiar faces—three other slum residents—also waiting for the caravan to move out. Although they had never spoken with each other, Austen was sure that they were part of the group who sold rags for a living. 
So they’re taking their chances too, huh? 
The fee to board the caravan was an exorbitant amount for paupers like them. One needed great resolve to gamble upon this chance. 
When they met his gaze, Austen nodded at the trio. 
After the merchants were done loading the goods, the caravan moved out. The carts rattled and squeaked as they moved through muddy roads, grassy plains, and thick forests. 
The journey took them two days. Finally, they reached the outskirts of Blackstone Town. 
“Woah!” An exclamation of surprise escaped George’s lips. “So that’s Blackstone Town?” 
The eyes of the other kids glimmered as they stared at the town from the distance. Austen, on the other hand, remained silent. He squinted. He had not expected to see a stone wall surrounding the entire town. Although it was smaller than Lion City’s protective wall, it seemed well-constructed, with battlements on top. 
Instead of a town, this place gave off the vibe of a small city. A young sprout that would bloom after the passage of time. 
There’s a moat and a bridge too? 
The initial image Austen had was shattered in an instant. Even the army from Lion City would have a hard time besieging this town. 
His heart beat faster. What kind of fate awaited him here? 
He clenched his fists. 
A new start. Please, oh gods. Please help me find a job.  
The caravan crossed the bridge and entered the gate. They were immediately greeted by a large, paved main road. But that was not what surprised Austen the most. 
What are those?! 
His jaw dropped. They had entered a town illuminated at night by glowing gemstones. Each gemstone was placed on top of wooden pillars several meters tall, giving ample light to its surroundings. Locals would momentarily stop and stare at the caravan, before moving on with their lives. Judging by their nonchalant expressions, these gemstones illuminating the night were commonplace; they had been here for quite some time now. 
“Brother! Look!” 
“It’s so beautiful!” 
Just like him, his siblings were mesmerized by this sight. It was breathtaking. 
“We’re here,” announced the coachman. 
After the carts halted, all passengers stepped out. They found themselves in front of a mansion. Several men and women were already in front of the building waiting for the merchants to arrive. 
“The ingots?” A butler approached the leader of the merchants. 
“On the second cart. We’ve also procured several more loi plants like you’ve asked.” 
The butler nodded in approval. He turned to the servants. “Move them to the underground chamber.” 
Like worker ants, the merchants and servants worked together to move the crates from the carts. 
The butler approached Austen and the rest of his group. 
“You guys are…?” said the old man. 
Austen stepped forward. “We’re from Lion City, sir. We were told that you’re hiring people. Miners, farmers, laborers. Anything’s fine, but if it’s possible, I wish to enter the military, sir.” 
“So more have come, huh?” mumbled the old man. He cleared his throat. “I’m Gaston, butler of the lord of Blackstone Town.” 
This old man was important. 
“Due to the influx of immigrants lately, we’ve changed the way we screen soldiers,” said the butler. 
Was that a good thing? Austen wanted to ask, but his lips remained shut tight. 
The old man was psychic. “Is it a good thing? Well, it depends on your perseverance, you see. For now, you can rest in the cabin over there.” He pointed at a well-made cabin outside the mansion. “We’ll call for you tomorrow morning for the assessment.” 
They were providing his family a place to stay? It seemed an excessively kind treatment to immigrants. For a moment, Austen was stunned. 
“There’s still something I need to do, so please excuse this old man,” said the butler. 
Before Austen and the rest of his group could utter a statement, the old man turned and disappeared from sight. 
*** 
Morning came. 
Sleeping inside the cabin brought wonders. It washed off the fatigue from Austen’s body. He had never felt so refreshed before. 
Someday… I’ll own a house like this someday. 
They were told that they could live in this cabin temporarily. Once they landed a job, they could rent one of the recently finished houses in the eastern district. Buying a home was possible too, if they had enough money. 
Three loud knocks came at the door. Upon opening, Austen saw a man clad in leather armor with a short sword on his waist. 
“Sir Gaston told me that there are guys here who wish to join the military?” said the man. 
Austen and the three men from the slums looked at each other. 
“Ah, yes,” said Austen. “That’ll be us four, sir.” 
The man scrutinized the four of them. “The four of you look famished.” He scratched his cheeks then coughed. “But that shouldn’t matter. You’ll be well-fed once you’re in the military, after all.” 
Austen knew this was correct; he had heard that the pay for a soldier in Blackstone Town was eleven silvers. That amount was enough to feed himself and his siblings, with more than enough to spare for other necessities. 
“Under the orders of Captain Qarat, I’m here to guide the four of you to the eastern border. To the training grounds,” said the man. 
“Training grounds?” repeated Austen. 
The man nodded. “That’s right. Haven’t you heard? You’re required to participate in the soldiers’ training for a week before you’ll be accepted in the military. That’s the standard procedure nowadays. Quit halfway and you’re out.” 
So, this was the ‘different’ assessment method the butler was talking about. 
Participate in the training, huh? 
At first, Austen was afraid that the entrance test would be incredibly difficult, like deciphering something written on a piece of parchment. He did not know how to read nor write. If the exam was similar to that, then he would have no choice but to settle for a low-paying job. 
With the soldier leading the way, Austen and his group arrived at the eastern border and the training grounds. 
Nearly a hundred soldiers gathered in a large clearing. They wore the same leather armor as the man who had brought them, each holding a spear. 
“Captain Qarat, these are the new recruits,” said the man. 
Qarat looked at Austen and the three guys beside him. “Give them the spears. We’ll start stamina training in a few minutes.” 
“Yes, sir!” 
The man grabbed several spare spears and handed one to each of them. The weapon was surprisingly heavier than it looked. 
“Stand at the back,” ordered Captain Qarat. 
“Yes, sir!” Austen and the other guys enthusiastically responded. 
Soon, the stamina training began. 
It consisted entirely of running around the town while holding a spear. To an errand boy like Austen, this was easy. Especially since he had prior experience of carrying far heavier objects while running around Lion City. The three men with him, on the other hand, were out of breath and were close to collapsing on the ground after only an hour. 
I can do this, Austen told himself. 
Austen was filled with resolve. He needed this job. Once he was accepted in the military, he would no longer worry about feeding his family. He could do this. 
After running around the town thrice, they rested for half an hour before proceeding to the next phase of training: practicing the basic movements of the spear. 
Stab. Pull. Repeat. 
The skin on his palms started to tear off as time went by. Still, Austen did not stop. If it was only this much, surely he could endure. 
“Stop!” shouted Captain Qarat. 
The entire army halted at once. Austen sighed in relief. How many hours had it been? He was not sure. His entire hand felt numb. 
He noticed that two of the three guys from the slum were gone. “Where are they?” 
The remaining one, a guy with pointed chin, smiled. “Gone. They left a few minutes after we started with the spear training. They said they’ll try farming instead.” 
Two out of four had already given up after a couple of hours. The screening for the soldiers seemed to be very effective in weeding out those not determined enough. Well, Austen could not blame them. If not for the stamina he had honed from several years of running errands for other people, he would have already collapsed just from the first part of the training alone. 
After practicing the basic movements of the spear, a kid called Anthony began handing out food to the soldiers. Austen was fascinated when he learned that this was actually that kid’s job. He even heard that it paid quite well too. 
Austen decided to suggest some of his siblings apply for the same position later on, if there were any vacancies. 
After the meal, the soldiers moved to the southern district. They entered a structure resembling a temple: the training hall, designed to provide battle experience to the soldiers. According to his fellow soldiers, this was built just recently. 
“We’re supposed to… fight those things?” 
Austen rubbed his eyes in disbelief. Standing at the center of the arena were humanoid monsters. They all held wooden spears, and their grotesque bodies were made entirely of iron. 
Judging by the reactions of the other soldiers, this was not the first time they had seen those monsters. Austen locked his knees to prevent himself from running for the way out. 
Those things looked grotesque and scary, but they should be harmless. They wouldn’t actually put training soldiers in danger. It was the only feasible explanation, Austen thought. 
For the sake of the newcomers, Captain Qarat explained how to use the training hall. With a metal spear in hand, he entered the arena and started sparring with one of the metallic monsters. 
The fight went on for several minutes. Eventually, the captain’s spear went flying. The metallic monster kicked him in the abdomen, making him fly and roll across the ground several times. Austen’s eyes widened when he saw the captain spit out blood after standing up. 
What the hell. 
This was not a spar. 
This was a bloody slaughter. 
If they kept fighting those things, they would all die. 
But as though refuting what was on Austen’s mind, the stone pillars surrounding the arena glowed. Particles of light starting forming on the captain’s body, and after a few seconds, the scratches and bruises on his skin disappeared. 
Captain Qarat went into the arena. “This place is special. As you have noticed, just now, I used healing magic.” He stared straight into Austen’s eyes. “You can use it too, as long as you are inside this arena. It’s surprisingly easy, believe me.” 
Austen was stunned. 
Use magic? He never heard of magic being used so easily and conveniently. There would be an uproar if such an innovation was revealed to the kingdom. 
He looked at the other man from the slums. He, too, was gawking at what transpired. He gripped his spear tightly. It seemed that despite the shock, he was slowly coming to accept the things happening before his very eyes. 
“Can I try it?” the man from the slums asked. 
Captain Qarat chuckled. “Of course.” He pointed at Austen. “You too. Go up there and try to fight them. Don’t worry, they won’t kill you.” 
After the captain explained how to use healing magic here, the two of them—the newbies under probation—stepped inside the arena. As though the metallic monsters understood, two of them stepped forward and faced the humans. 
Outside the arena, Captain Qarat shouted, “Ah, just so you know. There’s only one person who has won against them. And that’s Commander Anandra. So don’t worry about beating those things! Just think of them as sparring partners!” 
Captain Qarat clapped his hands once. “Begin!” 
That was the signal. The metallic monsters charged the new recruits. Their wooden spears split the air and struck the humans’ bodies. 
Austen gnashed his teeth. Not even ten seconds had passed since the battle started and he was already sent flying by his opponent. He suppressed the urge to vomit the food he eaten just an hour ago. 
Healing magic! This special area enables us to use healing magic, right?! 
With these thoughts, he focused all his mind into healing his wounds. Strangely enough, the entire hall seemed to have understood his intentions. The symbols on the stone pillars glowed and the wounds on his body started to heal on their own. 
Austen gripped his spear. Now that he had been fully healed, he would getting revenge on the metallic bastard. He did not have to win. He just wanted to land a single hit. 
“This damn monster!” growled Austen. 
With crude movements, Austen stabbed at the metallic monster with the spear. The creature easily evaded his attack and retaliated with a slash from above. Austen jumped to the side and rolled twice on the ground. But before he could climb to his feet, he was once again struck by a spear to the stomach. 
Austen vomited blood. His vision blurred. 
Heal. Damn it. Heal! 
The stone pillars responded to his will. After sucking a portion of his mana, his body regenerated and healed. Energy restored, he dashed toward the metallic monster and once again attempted to land a blow. He stabbed, sliced, and pulled the spear. 
Like an adult playing with a toddler, the metallic monster flicked away Austen’s spear, before issuing a kick to his stomach. The pain lasted only for a second as Austen was starting to get used to using healing magic by now. The moment he was hit, he immediately cast the healing magic. 
His sparring partner had not expected Austen to heal himself so quickly. It simply stood there waiting, its eyes emotionlessly gazing at him. Austen used this opening. He grabbed the shaft of his spear and threw it at his opponent like a javelin. The metallic monster evaded the weapon by sidestepping and the spear struck the ground. 
“Tsk. Damn it,” growled Austen. 
The metallic creature ran at Austen and stabbed him thrice on his chest. Austen felt several of his ribs creak and break. His vision started blackening and he found it hard to breathe. 
Heal! 
Once again, he made use of this special area. Like the undead, Austen got back on his feet, grabbed the spear stabbed on the ground, and charged at the metallic monster once again. 
Again. And again. And again. 
Austen kept healing his body as soon as he had been injured by his opponent. His primal instinct drove him to land even just a single blow to this metallic monster. 
“Hey! That’s enough!” Captain Qarat shouted. 
But Austen healed himself and charged at his opponent once again. 
“STOP!” 
Only after Qarat grabbed his hands and personally held him back from recklessly charging again did Austen stop. 
Looking around, Austen realized that everyone’s eyes were glued to him. Some were even looking at him as though he were a monster. 
“That’s enough,” said Captain Qarat. 
Austen loosened his grip on the spear. He looked at the metallic monster. Like before, the creature’s gaze was empty, as though it did not consider Austen as an opponent at all. 
“How many times did you use healing magic?” Captain Qarat looked conflicted. 
Austen tried counting but failed. 
Captain Qarat frowned. “I’ve lost count, but it’s definitely more than twelve times.” 
Wasn’t it supposed to be like that? This was the purpose of this special area, right? Austen was about to ask what was wrong when the captain opened his mouth. 
“Twelve times,” repeated the captain. “An average soldier is capable of using healing magic for only two to three times.” The captain stared at him. “You… What are you?” 
CHAPTER THREE
Lark received news about the new soldier capable of using healing magic more than a dozen times. His interest piqued; he summoned the man to his room in the mansion. 
“Young master,” said a servant. “They’re here.” 
“Come in.” 
Lark put down the document he was reading. Two men came into the room. One of them was Captain Qarat, a brown-skinned man wearing leather armor. The other one reminded Lark of a walking twig. He was tall but thin, and the tunic he was wearing had several holes in it. Judging by his sunken cheeks, cracked lips, and protruding eyes, this man had not eaten anything decent for the past several weeks. 
“Is he the one?” Lark went straight to the point. 
Captain Qarat made a salute. “Yes, young lord.” 
Under the scrutinizing gaze of Lark, the thin man shrank his shoulders. He tried to imitate the salute of the captain but failed. “I… I’m Austen, sir. It’s a pleasure to meet the young master.” 
Despite his stuttering, Austen managed to offer a decent greeting. He tried his best to avoid the gaze of the young master. Austen kept his eyes lowered. For some reason, the man’s blue eyes felt eerie. He was looking at him as though he were a fine specimen of something. 
There was a momentary silence. 
Did I greet the noble the wrong way? For a moment, Austen was worried. 
“Interesting,” Lark finally said, a smile forming on his lips. “Have you ever used magic before this?” 
There was no need to think. Austen shook his head. “No, sir.” 
“Then it’s probably inherent,” said Lark. “I heard you have several siblings? I want to meet them after this.” 
Austen swallowed. 
Why did the young master wish to see his brothers and sisters? Austen heard that all nobles had their own quirks and peculiarities. The worst possibilities entered to his mind. He shivered at these thoughts. 
The fear within Austen’s eyes were apparent. Lark reassured the aspiring soldier. “Don’t worry. I won’t harm the kids. I’ll just be… confirming a few things.” 
Lark stood up and approached Austen. “Do not move.” 
Lark touched Austen’s forehead, and immediately something turbulent erupted within Austen’s chest. It was as though a plug had been removed, and a raging river suddenly flowed through him. Austen felt queasy. He almost vomited on the carpeted floor. 
The moment Lark removed his hand, the turbulent sensation vanished in an instant. 
“What a lucky find,” mumbled Lark. He stared at Austen, his eyes glimmering with curiosity. 
“Captain Qarat,” said Lark. 
The captain had been standing there quietly for some time now. “Young master?” 
“Remove this man from the military,” said Lark. 
Austen flinched. He looked at Lark, then at Captain Qarat, then back at Lark. 
There was a moment of hesitation, but Qarat replied, “Understood.” 
Like Gaston, the captain had come to realize the greatness of the young master. The recent war with the beastmen had solidified this belief even further. He had learned not to question the young master’s orders. 
“Wait!” Austen was flustered. “What do you mean, young master? I haven’t failed the assessment test yet! I haven’t given up yet!” 
Lark gazed at him with eyes filled with understanding. “That’s not it. Ah, what was your name again?” 
“Austen, young master.” 
Lark smiled. “Austen,” he repeated. “Listen, you’ll be wasting your talent if you join the military.” 
Austen shot him a quizzical look. He could not understand what the young master was trying to convey. “What do you mean, sir?” 
“You have innate talent for magic,” said Lark. “Well, to be precise, it’s not really talent… it’s more of potential.” 
Austen was becoming more puzzled as time went by. 
When Lark tried making contact with the flowing mana of Austen, he had learned of a couple of things. First, this man had never used magic before coming to this town; the impurities of his mana proved that. Second, this man had an incredibly large mana pool that surpassed even that of Lark’s. This man should be able to cast one to two Grand Scale Magic spells with no other help. 
Lark did not know how the man came to possess such massive reserves, but back in the Magic Empire, there had been cases of people being born with a larger than normal mana pool. He must be among them. 
Even if this man did not have a talent for casting magic, his learning a simple fireball spell could boost Blackstone Town’s military might. After all, even such a simple spell would be lethal when backed by massive reserves of mana. 
As such, it would be a waste for him to stay in the military. He needed proper guidance on using magic. 
“Fifty silvers a month,” said Lark. “Plus your own house in the eastern border. How does that sound?” 
Austen’s jaw dropped. What was happening? Was the young master trying to offer him a better job? 
“Ah, sorry.” Lark realized that he had not explained enough. “Leave the military and become my apprentice instead. Fifty silvers a month is the starting salary. Of course, there’s room for a raise later on. How does that sound?” 
Become the apprentice of the young master? The butler of this town held so much authority, how much more if one was a direct apprentice of the lord? Not only that—the offered monthly salary was four times that of the soldiers. 
Austen swallowed. He bobbed his head thrice. “If… If you’re alright with me! Then, yes, young master!” 
“If you’re alright with me?” imitated Lark. He chuckled. “What a wonderful find, and he doesn’t seem conceited, which is a plus.” 
Lark fumbled in his pockets and took out ten silvers. He handed it to Austen. “Here.” 
Austen stared at the coins in his hand. “This is…” 
“Pocket money,” said Lark. He frowned as he scrutinized Austen’s body. “You’re too thin. Gain some weight. Buy yourself some food and clothes. You can’t train with such an emaciated body.” 
The so-called ‘pocket money’ was a massive amount. Austen could not believe he was receiving it just like that, with nothing required of him. 
“Chantless magic is too advanced for a beginner,” said Lark. “We’ll start with the basics. Runes and hexagram formation. If we have time, or if you’ll learn fast enough, we’ll proceed with voice incantations.” 
Lark tapped him on the shoulder. He grinned. “For now, go back home and rest. We’ll start the basic training tomorrow morning.” 
*** 
[Golden Wheat City] 
Lord Chase and all of his officials moved busily in preparation for the king’s arrival. Just a few hours ago, they had received news that the king was coming to personally inspect the state of Golden Wheat City, the kingdom’s main source of wheat. 
The streets where the convoy would pass through were swept clean, and soldiers lined up to form a barricade. Even off-duty soldiers were deployed to secure the protection of His Majesty. 
All this action puzzled the citizens. Such tight security meant that the person coming was of a very high status. Was it one of the dukes? Rumors began spreading throughout the city. 
Soon, the anticipated guests arrived. The entire convoy was heavily guarded by cavalries and knights as they passed through the streets. 
When they saw the insignia of the royal family, everyone was stunned upon realizing who was there. It was a shock that the king had personally come to inspect the city. The window of the cart slid open, and an old man waved at the commoners. 
It was a familiar face—the same face engraved on the copper coins the residents use in their everyday lives. 
“It’s the king!”  
“The king has personally visited us!” 
“Long live His Majesty!” 
“Long live His Majesty!” 
What had been quiet, curious murmurs quickly escalated into shouts of glee. Everyone was thrilled learning that the king took the trouble of coming here despite the distance. After all, it must have taken at least a week by cart to arrive here from the capital. 
The soldiers, briefed beforehand that someone very important was going to come, successfully suppressed the eager crowd. The officials of Golden Wheat City were glad that the procession went perfectly well despite being notified only a few hours earlier of the king’s arrival. 
When the king arrived at Lord Chase’s castle, dozens of officials were already waiting there. 
“Greetings to Your Majesty,” the officials said in unison. 
Most of the officials in this city were of common birth. To a majority of them, this was the first time they would meet someone from the royal family—and not just anyone! They were meeting the king himself! They could not help but stiffen from nervousness. 
Lord Chase bowed his head. “Your Majesty, thank you for visiting Golden Wheat City. We’ve prepared a feast upon hearing of your arrival. This way, if you please.” 
King Alvis had heard of Lord Chase’s feats before. A commoner who climbed the ranks of hierarchy and eventually became the lord of a city. The same lord who transformed the vast forests surrounding the city into wheat fields. The lord who did not discriminate between commoners and nobles. The lord who hired officials based on their abilities. 
Truthfully speaking, if possible, he would have loved to include Lord Chase among the candidates for the throne. But that single decision would spark civil war in this kingdom, and thus, the king decided to settle on just the children of the three dukes.  
“A feast, huh?” The king shook his head. “There’s no need for that. I’m only staying here for a short moment. I merely want to see with my own eyes the state of Golden Wheat City.” 
Lord Chase looked conflicted. If possible, he wanted the king to take a short rest. But he knew it was not his choice. Eventually, the lord conceded. “As you wish, Your Majesty.” 
Lord Chase turned to the officials. “Bring the knights. We’ll escort His Majesty.” 
“Yes, my lord!” 
With over a dozen knights guarding the king, they went out of the city and inspected the fields. The king smiled upon seeing the farmers working tirelessly. 
“I’m glad this territory is untouched by the swarm,” said King Alvis. “Those farmers worked very hard just for this moment, for the harvest season to arrive.” 
Now, the farmers were reaping what they sowed. Tons of wheat were being harvested each day from these fields. 
Lord Chase nodded. He also liked this tranquility. The simple joy brought forth by peace. 
“I have to thank His Majesty for that,” said Lord Chase. “If not for His Majesty, the swarm would have destroyed all the fields in Golden Wheat City.” 
If they had been late even for a day, all of these fields would have been dead. Whenever Lord Chase thought of that, shivers would crawl down his spine. Had the swarm consumed the fields, his people would have been on the brink of hunger by now. 
“The swarm, huh?” said the king. He looked up and saw the clouds covering the sun. “There’s no need to thank this old man. After all, I merely copied the technique used by the lord of Blackstone Town.” 
Lord Chase’s eyes grew wide. Seeing this, the king nodded. “That’s right. It was not me nor the Ministry of Research who came up with the method to deal with the Black Famine.” 
The king chuckled. “Living this long surely has its merits. Who would have known that the second son of Duke Drakus is so capable?” 
Lord Chase immediately linked the pieces of the puzzle together. “Your Majesty… You mean to say that the method of killing the Black Famine came from… that person?” 
King Alvis smiled. “Correct.” 
Lord Chase’s eyes grew even wider. 
The second son of Duke Drakus was quite famous. And infamous. Lord Chase heard that that person was the devil incarnate—a vindictive noble who treated commoners like dirt. Last time he heard, that damnable kid was thrown away by his father to some remote village or town. 
Out of all people, Lord Chase never expected that the method to kill the swarm could come from him. 
“Chase,” said the king. “In theory, if I were to give you five thousand soldiers to battle against a beastmen army, ten to fifteen thousand strong, are you confident of winning?” 
King Alvis’s question caught Lord Chase off-guard. 
“No, sir,” Chase shook his head. “Even if we had the same number of soldiers, victory’s still uncertain.” 
“I thought so,” the king mumbled. 
He once again looked in the distance, his eyes deep with wisdom. 
“You see, there’re actually two reasons why I came here,” said the king. “First is to see with my own eyes the status of Golden Wheat City. This is the lifeline of our kingdom, after all.” 
Chase silently listened. 
“And second, I wanted to temporarily escape from all the politics in the capital,” said the king. “I’m too old. I want to take a breather once in a while.” 
Lord Chase smiled at this. He had not expected the king to confess that he was actually running away from his responsibilities as the king. Well, King Alvis was human too. He needed to take a break every now and then. 
“You can stay here for as long as you like,” said Lord Chase. He resisted the urge to chuckle. “I’ll give word to the capital that you’re inspecting the farmlands.” 
The king heartily laughed. “If only you were not of common birth, I would have made an exemption and included you into the competition for the throne!” 
Lord Chase did not take offense at this. He knew the repercussions if they broke the tradition of the kingdom—only males of noble birth were allowed to sit on the throne. Sparking a civil war right now would give the empire and the Mullgray Islands a chance to swallow the kingdom. 
“I’m honored, but I would have to respectfully decline,” said Lord Chase. “I do not have any intentions of leaving Golden Wheat City. My people need me here, Your Majesty.” 
The king already knew this, and it was not such a bad thing that a competent official was staying as the lord of this very important region. 
“Ah, by the way,” said King Alvis. “I’m turning sixty-five soon.” 
The king’s eyes glimmered. Was it excitement? Lord Chase was not sure. 
“Two months from now, on my sixty-fifth birthday, I plan on holding a grand celebration at the capital. And Chase… I plan on inviting all twenty-eight candidates for the throne.” 
Kalavinka, Lark, and Lui. These three candidates has piqued the king’s interest lately. 
King Alvis chuckled mischievously. “It’ll be an interesting feast, don’t you agree?” 
CHAPTER FOUR 
The next day, Lark personally visited Austen’s abode: a recently finished stone house on the eastern border. It was still dawn when Lark knocked on the wooden door. The door creaked open, and a child, probably nine or ten years of age, peeked through the gap. 
“Who are you?” she said, her eyes still puffy from sleep. 
“Is Austen here?” Lark smiled. “I’m here to pick him up.” 
From inside the house, Lark heard a familiar voice. “Diana, who is it?” 
The girl called Diana looked in the direction of the voice, then at Lark, then back. She hesitated for a moment before shouting. “Brother! Someone’s here to pick you up!” 
“Pick me up?” Austen’s voice was filled with uncertainty. 
After he looked through the gap, he froze. “Young master?!” 
“Eh?” Diane was bewildered. She had heard that the young master personally offered her brother the chance to become his apprentice—with an absurdly high salary of fifty silvers a month plus a free house. 
Even so, the siblings never expected the young master to personally visit them. 
Lark gazed at Diane. Unfortunately, unlike her brother, the traces of mana within her were miniscule, same as those of ordinary people. 
“Can I come in?” said Lark. 
This brought Austen back to reality. “Ah, of course! Please!” 
When Lark entered, he was immediately greeted by the curious gazes of several kids. He noticed that one of them was lying at the far back, his body filled with numerous injuries. Upon seeing him, Lark’s eyes glimmered. From that kid, Lark could sense decent traces of mana. 
The other kids are ordinary, but this one… he might also have the potential. 
“Ah, please have a seat!” said Austen. 
Austen moved about and prepared a cup of tea. 
“No need to be so stiff.” Lark waved a hand. “How long has he been like this?” 
Austen followed the  young master’s gaze and looked at the second oldest child, George, lying on the ground. He frowned. “Half a year? It’s been quite some time since he lost the ability to move his limbs.” 
George’s body was hastily wrapped in bandages, traces of blood and pus leaking out in places. Lark was sure that such treatment would only aggravate the kid’s condition. It was no wonder he was unable to recover from his sickness. 
Lark crouched and stared into George’s eyes. Surprisingly, the kid did not avert his gaze. Lark chuckled. Those were the eyes of someone blazing with ambition. 
“George, is it?” said Lark. 
The dark-skinned kid wrapped in bandages nodded. 
“This will be a bit uncomfortable, the same method I used to assess your brother.” Lark touched George’s forehead. “Bear with it for a while.” 
On cue, a turbulent sensation flowed through George’s entire body. It was as though a river suddenly gushed out and flooded everything. If he was not disabled, he would have squirmed around in agony. 
Lark pulled his hand away and the sensation vanished in an instant. He looked at Austen. The tall young man had been watching them worriedly since the assessment started. 
“It seems that your brother has the same potential as you do,” said Lark. “Crude gemstones that need to be refined and polished. Truly, what a find.” 
Lark breathed in. “First, the wounds.” 
He touched the boy’s chest, and a magic circle formed underneath his body. Numerous symbols span around, emitting an azure hue. 
“Hey, kid,” said Lark. “I’m also taking you under my wing after this. The payment will be the same as your brother’s. How about it?” 
George was stunned speechless, then he suddenly found himself surrounded by a magic circle. Although he did not fully understand what the young master was trying to convey, he simply bobbed his head. 
Lark grinned. “Good.” 
He channeled mana into the magic formation and George’s body started to regenerate on its own. The wounds closed and the bruises dissipated. 
Unable to feel pain any longer, George tried to move his limbs. His eyes widened to the point of popping out upon seeing them move according to his will. 
“Magic’s really convenient, isn’t it?” Lark winked. “Can you stand?” 
George gulped. He stood slowly, his body quivering when he realized that he had been fully healed. 
“Is there anyone among you who can read or write?” asked Lark, just in case. 
There was none. 
“Melody’s time is limited, so I’ll be taking only George and Austen with me for now,” said Lark. “As for the rest of you, you can come to the mansion if you wish to seek a job.” 
The smaller kids nodded. 
“As for you two,” Lark pointed at Austen and George. “We’ll proceed at a snail’s pace if you’re unable to read or write. We’ll fix that.” 
“Then… the young master’s teaching us?” said George. 
“Magic, yes,” said Lark. “But for how to read and write; it’ll be Melody’s task.” 
The two of them did not have any idea who Melody was, but she seemed capable since the young master was confident of her skills. Excitement surged through them. 
Austen froze. “But we don’t have money to pay for—” 
“It’s free,” interjected Lark. “Don’t worry about it and just focus on your studies. And since it’ll be considered part of your training, you’ll still be paid fifty silvers each once the month ends.” 
It was a mouth-watering offer. The two brothers could not believe their luck. 
“You have a week to learn how to read and write. Even just the basics will be fine. You’ll need to be able to at least read the runes and symbols during hexagram formation and magic incantations.” 
Austen and George looked at each other. There was no need to ponder over this offer any further. 
“Thank you.” Austen was the first to bow his head. Seeing this, all of his siblings followed suit and also bowed their heads. “We’ll do your best not to disappoint you, sir.” 
Lark liked the humility shown by these kids. He had also heard from Captain Qarat that Austen did not give up until the end when he fought against the humanoids made from the soul of the basilisk. Humility. Perseverance. There was also the fact that Austen went to this town to find the opportunity to provide a better life for his family. 
“Young master?” George hesitated for a moment. “Can I ask you a question?” 
“Go ahead,” said Lark. 
“After we learn to read and write… once we start learning magic from you… is it possible for me to do that too?” George’s voice trailed off. 
“Do what?” said Lark. 
“Healing magic.” George stared straight into Lark’s eyes. 
Those fierce eyes reminded Lark of Leanne, his very first disciple back in his previous life. He could not help but smile. “Of course.” 
George clenched his fists. 
“But the path will not be easy,” said Lark. “There’s also the chance that you won’t learn a single spell even after a long time has passed. It depends on talent, luck, and of course, perseverance.”  
Austen and George nodded. “We’ll do our best.” 
“Good,” said Lark. “Let’s go to the mansion. I’ll introduced you to the scholar.” 
*** 
Upon arriving at the mansion, Lark was greeted by a panic-stricken Gaston. The old man immediately ran to Lark the moment he saw him, his face covered by beads of sweat. 
“What happened?” Lark frowned. 
The old man huffed. “Young master! Someone’s here to see you!” 
Who could it be? Who was important enough to cause Gaston to act like this? His butler was usually stoic, his every movement the embodiment of calmness. But now, he was quivering as though he saw something petrifying. 
Was it the beastmen? 
No, impossible. Lark made sure to periodically check the surrounding regions using the vision crystal. There should be no beastmen army nearby. 
Then, was it someone from the Marcus family? For a moment, Lark pondered how he should react upon meeting him. He knew very little about the original owner of this body, after all. 
As Lark was pondering on who the visitor was, the old man said, “The Sword Saint! One of the two Sword Saints of the kingdom has come!” 
“Alexander.” The name of the visitor escaped Lark’s lips. That man was so famous that even Lark, who had been here in this era for less than a year, knew of him. 
The two kids behind Lark looked at each other. Even Austen and George could not believe that a Sword Saint had come to visit the young master. 
“You,” Lark said to a servant nearby. “Guide these two to where Melody is. She should know what to do with them.” 
“Yes, young master,” the servant bowed. “This way please.” 
With the servant leading the way, Austen and George climbed the stairs leading to the second floor, eventually disappearing from sight. 
“So, what did the Sword Saint come here for?” Lark had an idea why, but he wanted to be sure. 
“He said something about a letter he received several months ago.” Gaston was clearly puzzled. “He told me that he’s here to meet its owner.” 
“I see,” said Lark. “Lead the way.” 
A bit nervous, the butler led the young master to where the Sword Saint was. Along the way, Gaston tried to warn Lark, “Sir, Sword Saint Alexander never abides by the rules of the kingdom. Please do your best not to get on his bad side.” 
“What do you mean?” said Lark. 
Gaston hesitated. “He has killed several nobles before. Two years ago, he killed Baron Fosler after witnessing him beat several farmers to death. But since he was a monster, the kingdom never tried to arrest him. There’s also the fact that he always participates during large scale wars with the neighboring countries despite being retired. That’s why the kingdom can’t touch him.” 
“Killed several nobles, huh?” said Lark. “Interesting.” 
They finally arrived at the room. 
“I’ll be fine on my own,” said Lark. “I’ll call you if something comes up.” 
Gaston frowned before bowing his head. “Please take care. I’ll be waiting here just in case.” 
“Relax.” Lark tapped the old man’s shoulder. “There’s no need to be too stiff.” 
Lark knocked on the door, twisted the knob, and entered the room. While closing the door, he stared at the old man sitting on the wooden couch. 
The old man’s presence could be hardly felt at all. It was as though he was not there. 
The Sword Saint gently placed his wooden tea cup on the table. With a raspy voice, he said, “I’ve got to give my thanks. I’ve been having a hard time trying to think of ways to drive away those beastmen.” 
It seemed that Master Alexander knew that the letter came from Lark. 
Lark decided not to pretend he was uninvolved in the matter. He sat down on the opposite couch. “What happened to the retreating beastmen?” 
Although Lark had seen the clash between the retreating beastmen and Alexander’s army via the vision crystal, he pretended to be oblivious of the outcome. There was no need to reveal all his cards, after all. 
“We’ve killed around half of them,” said Alexander. His sword rested on his shoulder. “They shouldn’t be coming back to invade the kingdom anytime soon.” 
Lark almost frowned. He was sure that they killed way more than half of the retreating beastmen army. When the clash ended, there was only around a thousand beastmen who managed to escape. Magic Poisoning played a major role, but the monstrous strength of this old man had been pivotal. 
