
*****************************************************
*****************************************************
Your ebook has decrypted.
The TXT file just save 20% of ebook content.
Please register the software, then get all contents and the valid ebook format.
*****************************************************
*****************************************************


    VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 1
A few months had passed since the Empire took over Yorkshaire City. More than half of the western part of the Kingdom had been seized by the Empire’s forces. Several cities of the Kingdom had already fallen to the Empire’s hands.
After Lancaster’s capture, The Kelvin Duchy was crippled, and the overall fighting strength of the Kingdom started to collapse. At this rate, it would only be a matter of time before the Empire annexed the entire Kingdom.
Yosef, a balding middle-aged soldier, was the messenger tasked to deliver the crown’s decree to Blackstone Town. For the past several weeks, he had been travelling non-stop from the capital, along with several other messengers tasked to deliver the decree to the other nobles.
“Let’s see,” he mumbled. “This is Blackstone Town, huh?”
This was the most remote of all the territories in the east. A town located in the middle of the wilderness, right at the entrance of the Endless Forest. The place was so remote that the town was not even drawn on the map.
Just looking at the town from afar, Yosef immediately came to the conclusion that this place would be unable to provide any reinforcements for the Kingdom. Forget one thousand soldiers. Even half that would be asking too much.
“Finally,” he said. “Let’s get the job done and go back to the capital.”
He was confident that the messengers had done their duties well. By estimate, they had managed to gather almost twelve thousand soldiers from the various nobles all throughout the eastern part of the Kingdom. All that was left was this town.
He knew there was no way this town could provide the Kingdom with a thousand soldiers, so he should at least bring its Lord back with him to the capital.
Yosef entered the town and was surprised by the vibrant atmosphere. The residents of Blackstone Town held confident gaits, their movements filled with purpose. Children were seen playing on the streets, laughing, while the adults moved around on their way.
“What’s this…” He frowned as he tapped the ground using his foot. It made several soft thud sounds.
Unlike the other towns and villages he’d went to before, all the roads in this town were paved, and there was even a large main road leading toward the heart of Blackstone Town. Even a portion of the road he passed through in the forest was cobbled.
He learned from his time in the military academy of the grave significance of roads. It usually signified the stability of one’s territory. Most Lords neglected such mundane things and would allocate more of their resources to military and farming, but the wiser ones tend to invest more on securing their accessibility to nearby territories. After all, there were limits to how much a territory could prosper on its own. And this was especially true with a town like this—a town located in the middle of the wilderness.
“Excuse me.” He smiled and approached the children playing on the street. “Do you know where the Lord of this town lives?”
One of the children pointed. “The Young Master lives over there, mister!”
“Why’s that grandpa looking for the Young Master?”
“Who cares?”
“Hey, give me the ball back!”
Yosef wryly smiled after hearing that one of them called him grandpa.
I don’t even have a kid yet. I’m not that old.
He sighed and walked toward the direction the child pointed at. Soon, he arrived at a mansion. Numerous carts were parked near the mansion’s entrance. Several workers unloaded large wooden crates from them every now and then.
This place was surprisingly bustling with life.
“So this is where the Lord lives, huh?”
He was about to approach one of the servants next to the gate when a voice called out to him.
“Yosef.”
Yosef halted in his tracks and slowly turned around. He frowned when he saw a hooded figure walking toward his direction.
“Who are you?” he asked cautiously.
The hooded figure stopped right in front of him, before slowly pulling down his hood and revealing the scar-ridden face underneath.
“I-Instructor!” Yosef croaked. “W-What are you doing here?”
The person before him was his former martial arts instructor back in the military academy. One of the few knights who survived the Bloody Thorn Plains Incident fifteen years ago. Mikael Garios.
Mikael looked around them. The workers were still busily unloading the goods from the carts, while the mansion’s servants directed them inside.
“This is no place to talk,” said Mikael. “Follow me.”
With Mikael at the lead, the two of them went toward a deserted alley. Mikael leaned on the wall and scrutinized Yosef from head to foot. “Messenger duty?”
Yosef nodded. “Yes, Sir. I’m sure you’ve heard of the war in the west by now.”
“So it’s finally time for Lark Marcus to move out, huh?” mumbled Mikael. “Those monsters… Does he really plan on bringing those things with him to war?”
“Monsters?” Yosef could not understand the words his former instructor was mumbling about. “What do you mean, sir?”
Mikael smiled wryly. “You’ll find out soon.”
There was a pause. Mikael’s gaze turned fierce and serious. “Yosef, do your best to bring Lark Marcus to the capital. The Kingdom, as it is now, needs him.”
Mikael’s serious gaze sent shivers down Yosef’s spine. He could not understand why his former instructor was placing such grave importance on this mission. After all, according to their intel, Lark Marcus was nothing but a malignant piece of trash disowned by his own family.
As for the rumors that Lark Marcus was the one who incited an all-out war between the Kingdom and Empire—Yosef did not believe it even for a second. There was even that absurd rumor about him defeating the Third Legion of the United Grakas Alliance. They were all fabrications, Yosef was sure.
After all, how could a single person achieve all those feats in just a single year?
Seeing the gaze of Yosef, who clearly did not place grave importance on this task of bringing Lark back with him to the capital, Mikael asked, “Yosef, let’s say… If I joined the war in the west, would I make a much of a difference?”
Yosef pondered for a moment. He nodded. “Of course. I’m sure that Instructor Mikael could kill a hundred ordinary soldiers of the Empire by himself. And the instructor is well-versed in the art of war. It would surely be a great boost to our forces if you were to join the war with the Empire.”
Yosef was not trying to flatter Mikael. He simply held him in high regard.
“If an old man like me can make such difference, then Lark Marcus could surely tilt the tide of war,” said Mikael. “Yosef, I’ve been watching that young man for several months now. He’s a genius in warfare. And with just swordsmanship alone, he’s my rival.”
Had someone else said these things, Yosef would have accused them of being delusional. But these were the words of Instructor Mikael. The same well-respected instructor who ranked among the strongest in the military academy. A person like him would not just blabber nonsensically.
“Genius in warfare? A swordsmanship rival…” Yosef found it hard to digest these words.
“The Third Legion,” said Mikael. “You heard the rumors, didn’t you?”
Yosef’s eyes widened. “W-Wait! You mean… It’s true? Lark Marcus defeated a ten thousand-strong beastmen army using only a thousand soldiers?”
Yosef’s heart started thumping loudly. He had planned to do his best on this job and bring back Lark Marcus with him to the capital, despite knowing that the noble was nothing but an incompetent brat. But after hearing all these things directly from his former instructor’s mouth, Yosef realized that this mission entrusted to him might actually influence the outcome of the war with the Empire.
He had not expected that this simple mission may actually dictate the rise or fall of the Kingdom.
“Everything is true,” Mikael said confidently. “I’ve seen everything with my own eyes.”
Yosef shuddered.
“Lark Marcus. That young man is a monster. Even the Elders of the Magic Tower couldn’t defeat him.”
“The Magic Tower? You mean…”
Mikael nodded. “Yes. It’s him.”
Yosef had heard that a few months ago, an unknown individual stormed the Wizzert Tower and defeated all of its magicians. No one knew the reason why the assailant did it, but the mere fact that he single-handedly defeated all of the magicians of the Tower made him the most wanted man in Wizzert.
Even the capital was trying to find his whereabouts in hopes of reeling him into their ranks. According to their intel, the royal family was willing to pardon all grievances as long as the man agreed to work with them.
“So the reason why the capital suddenly stopped searching for him…”
Realization dawned unto Yosef.
Mikael must have reported everything to the King. And after realizing the identity of the perpetrator, they ceased all attempts to find him.
“Yosef, do you understand now? How important your mission is this time?”
Yosef swallowed hard. “Y-Yes.”
Mikael smiled. “Good.”
“You won’t find the Young Master in the mansion. He’s currently at the Eastern District, training the soldiers.” Mikael tapped Yosef’s shoulder. “I’m already late for work. See you at the capital.”
“You’re working in this town?” Yosef asked, incredulously.
“Of course. I need to feed myself, right?” Mikael chuckled. “See you around.”
He went out of the alley, leaving Yosef behind.
After Mikael left, Yosef leaned on the wall, his forehead filled with beads of sweat. He was starting to feel the heavy of weight of responsibility that had just landed on his shoulders.
Although it was decreed by the crown, there were some nobles who adamantly refused to go to the front lines–the nobles who considered their lives far more important than anything else in the world.
Yosef started praying to the Gods that Lark Marcus would come with him, without a hitch or strife.
“Yosef, you can do this!” He slapped his cheeks several times. Filled with determination, he left the alley, asked for directions to the Eastern District, and went there.
The Eastern District was a lot different than the rest of the town. It felt like it was where all the developments first came from. The houses were newly made, each of them identical. It gave a newcomer like Yosef a sense of congruity, the same feeling when he finally put the final piece in a puzzle.
Like the mansion, this place was bustling with life. The Central Plaza was filled with several stalls, and people were gathered here and there.
After some time, he finally found the Young Master.
“Two hundred more laps! Go! Go!”
Inside a large clearing, a young man with silver hair was running in front of a group of soldiers. With him at the lead, they ran around in circles, their hands holding their spears.
Yosef watched their group for a while longer, waiting for the training to end. When they finally finished the laps, they suddenly started thrusting their spears into the air, repeating the same movement over and over again.
Judging by the expressions of the soldiers, this was part of their daily routine, as none of them even spouted a word of complaint.
They’re still not done yet?
Yosef waited for a couple of hours, and finally the Young Master entrusted the training to one of his men and headed out.
“Lark Marcus?” With confident strides, Yosef approached him.
Lark wiped the sweat on his forehead with a towel. He stared at Yosef and waited for him to speak.
Yosef cleared his throat. “Yosef Agarov. One of the messengers of the royal family.”
“A messenger.” Lark opened a skin flash and took several gulps of water. “Ah, that hits the spot. So, you’re here to take me to the front lines?”
Yosef was glad that Lark was quick on the uptake. “Yes, Sir. That’s right.”
Lark looked at the soldiers training behind him, then at Yosef. “I’ve already briefed those guys. They’re coming with me to the front lines. All the rations have been prepared. We can move out tomorrow morning at the earliest.”
Yosef was stunned by how easy this mission was. To think that Lark Marcus was already intent on going to the front lines! Yosef inwardly did a fist pump.
“That’s great!” Yosef squeaked in glee. His eyes were glimmering with delight.
After hearing about Lark’s feats directly from Mikael’s mouth, Yosef was even prepared to kneel down and beg the noble to come back with him to the capital. But now, he realized that all of his worries were for naught.
Seeing Yosef’s face, Lark chuckled. He turned around and shouted at the soldiers, “Hey, guys! The messenger is here! We’re moving to the front lines tomorrow morning!”
The soldiers stopped stabbing the air and looked at each other, before bursting into cheers.
“Finally!”
“I’ve been itching to show those bastards the might of the Blackstone Soldiers!”
“We can’t let the Young Master go there alone, can we?”
“Hahaha! Of course!”
Yosef was surprised of their overly optimistic response to this announcement.
Lark grinned. He could sympathize with the startled expression on Yosef’s face. Even he was surprised when the soldiers approached him one day and insisted that they should all accompany him to the battlefield. At first, he’d planned on going to the front lines with only his disciples and the living suits of armor, but after pondering about it overnight, he came to the conclusion that it would be better to take these guys with him.
The living suits of armor could not speak and think for themselves. The battle at the Western Front would not always be a contest of strength. It would greatly benefit him to have coherent soldiers around.
“Everyone! Rest for now.” Lark’s voice reverberated. “Be sure to spend the rest of the day with your family. Tomorrow, we’ll march toward the front lines!”
“Yes, Young Master!”
“Yes, Sir!”
***
Yosef spent the night inside the mansion. When morning came, he was invited to a sumptuous breakfast with the Young Master.
“Mister messenger, over here.” Lark waved at him and gestured for him to sit on a nearby chair.
Just like before, the Young Master looked carefree, as though he was not even the slightest bit worried about coming to the front lines at all. He was even half-humming as he devoured the food on his plate.
“How can you be so carefree? Aren’t you afraid?” Yosef finally asked. “You could die in that battle. They were not kidding around when they said that they’ll be sending you to the front lines.”
Although he was supposed to be doing his best to persuade Lark to come to the front lines, Yosef could not help but ask.
Lark swallowed the meat in his mouth. He sipped the wine from his goblet and gave a simple reply. “Afraid? I am.”
“Then why—”
“—But we never know when we’ll get the chance to eat such luxurious feasts again, right? Why not enjoy it now?” Lark grinned at him. “Mister messenger, only fools would say they are completely sure of winning a battle. In war, no matter how strong you are, there’s always the risk of losing one’s life. Fools who believe that their strength could topple every obstacle are usually the first ones to kick the bucket. I’ve seen a lot of them before. Those foolish, arrogant bastards.”
Lark Marcus sounded like an old man who had been to numerous battlefields, which felt incongruent as Yosef looked at the noble’s youthful appearance.
Yosef smiled. He had not expected to receive such a reply.
“You’re right. Who knows when we will eat such extravagant breakfast again?”
After mumbling those words, he started eating to his heart’s content. Lark called out the servants and ordered them to bring more food to the table. The messenger had quite the appetite, it seemed.
After filling their bellies full, the two of them packed their things and left the mansion. They went toward the outskirts of town. The butler and a few hundred residents were waiting for them there.
“Young Master! Good luck in battle!”
“Please come back safe!”
“Destroy those dogs of the Empire for us!”
Surprisingly, despite the noble’s notorious reputation, he seemed to be loved by his people. The butler—an old man wearing a suit—bawled his eyes out as he saw the Young Master off. Even some of the servants held back tears.
“So the meeting point is the capital, right?” said Lark.
“That’s right,” said Yosef. “All of the reinforcements are to gather at the capital. From there, the soldiers will be distributed into several larger armies, before heading out to the front lines.”
Lark nodded his approval at this tactic. The nobles were divided into different factions. It would be more efficient to gather all the reinforcements first then divide them into different armies.
“I didn’t get to ask you this last time…” said Yosef. “How many soldiers are you bringing with you to the capital?”
Lark gave a nonchalant reply. “Around two hundred, I guess.”
Yosef creased his brows. He could only see around a hundred soldiers.
Lark noticed Yosef’s quizzical gaze. “The remaining soldiers, they’re waiting over there.” Lark pointed at the nearby forest. “You’ll see them soon.”
After giving enough time for the soldiers to say their goodbyes to their families, Lark mounted his horse. He shouted, “Blackstone Soldiers! Move out!”
“Hooah!”
“Hooah!”
Yosef also mounted his horse and followed Lark from behind. Soon, they came near the forest.
And he was struck speechless by what he saw.
Around a hundred soldiers—no, knights—were waiting near the forest’s entrance. Each of them was wearing full plate armor, with swords hanging by their waists.
Yosef’s hair stood on edge upon seeing them. For some reason, his intuition was screaming at him that these guys were dangerous. They were no ordinary soldiers wearing full plate armor. Each of them capable of slaughter, Yosef was sure.
The other soldiers wearing leather armor were probably aware of the existence of this army, as they did not look surprised to see them.
The soldiers in full plate armor wordlessly moved behind them and started their march.
Yosef’s heart started thumping fast. Each of these guys felt dangerous, and there were over a hundred of them? For a moment, he thought of an incredulous scenario where a hundred Mikael Garios teamed up and charged at the Emperial Army. If a hundred people with the same prowess as his teacher fought together, even if their enemy was the Empire, there would be slaughter. Yosef clenched his fists and looked at the army marching behind him.
This mission may have been worth it, after all.
VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 2
The Blackstone Army marched relentlessly for several weeks, passing through several cities along the way. Every now and then, they would restock their rations, camp in the wilderness, then resume their march. Since Blackstone Town was the most remote territory in the east, it was also the last one to receive the summons. They surmised that by now, most of the reinforcements must have already gathered in the capital.
And they eventually arrived at the gathering point.
Behemoth City. The capital of the Kingdom.
“So this the capital…” Captain Qarat gawked at the walled city in front of them. The rest of the soldiers were doing the same.
“Captain, it’s huge!”
“Even the cities we passed through before pale in comparison!”
“Sir Austen, you guys have been here with the Young Master before?”
Austen lifted his chest with pride. “That’s right! You should have seen the King’s castle. George and I were even allowed to stand outside the gates!”
“Ooh!”
Gasps filled with awe escaped the lips of the soldiers. George and Austen grinned at each other. They were also awestruck when they first saw the capital, but after spending a few days in it, they came to understand that it was nothing special. It was simply huge, that’s all. The City of Magic was a lot more beautiful in comparison. But of course, they had no intention of telling the soldiers that.
“The gathering point is over there,” Yosef said to Lark.
They moved in the direction Yosef pointed and soon reached a large camp filled with thousands of soldiers.
“This is the gathering point for all the reinforcements from throughout the Kingdom. Just the eastern reinforcement alone amounts to more than ten thousand soldiers. I heard that the South managed to gather a lot more than that.”
When Lark and his men arrived, several soldiers stopped what they were doing and stared at the army coming their way. The Blackstone Soldiers wearing leather armor felt ordinary, but the armored soldiers marching behind them felt dangerous.
Which army did these guys come from?
With Yosef acting as their guide, the Blackstone Soldiers started pitching their tents. It seemed that three days from now, the King would personally choose the commanders to preside over this large army. All that was left now was to wait for the rest of the reinforcements to arrive.
“Act like normal soldiers for now,” Lark said to the suits of armor. “You guys can do that, right?”
The suits of armor bobbed their heads in understanding. They grunted and started moving around and fixing the Blackstone Army’s camp, moving slowly and carefully so they didn’t attract unwanted attention.
When night came, they made campfires. Several soldiers gathered around the campfire and discussed the things they had seen in this place. Although they would soon clash with the Empire, everyone’s confidence soared upon seeing the thousands of reinforcements gathered. They estimated, the number of soldiers probably reached thirty thousand.
“Hey, what do you think of the announcement a while ago? They said that they’ll be choosing three commanders for this huge ass army.”
The soldiers toasted their jerkies around the campfire.
“They’ll surely pick the Young Master, right? There’s no way someone as capable as the Young Lord wouldn’t be picked by His Majesty.”
Lark didn’t know that his soldiers were already this close to worshipping him. To them, Lark was the embodiment of wisdom itself. Every action and order he gave was carefully strategized. They’d experienced this firsthand when they fought against the beastmen.
“That’s right! I’m sure that if it’s the Young Master leading us, we’ll be able to crush those dogs of the Empire!”
The rest of the soldiers agreed.
“Pft!”
They heard stifled laughter next to them. The soldiers looked at the source. Two soldiers from a different camp were passing by and heard their conversation. One of the soldiers was holding back his laughter, while the other one elbowed him to stop.
Tears started forming at the corner of the soldier’s eyes. Eventually, he could not hold his laughter any longer. “Hahahaha! If it’s the Young Master leading us! Hahaha! We’ll be able to… Pft! Hahaha!”
The Blackstone Soldiers frowned. One of them said, “What’s so funny?”
The unknown soldier wiped his tears using the back of his hand. He was gasping for air after laughing his heart out. “Everything.” He smirked then pointed at the crest on his shoulder. “You see this? It’s the insignia of Count Boris. Right now, all of his three sons are participating in this war. Those three geniuses will surely become the three commanders of this large army.”
The soldier next to him nudged him once again. “What are you doing? Don’t start a fight,” he whispered.
“Start a fight? I’m just explaining to these buffoons the reality of the situation. It’s really funny that these guys think their Lord has a chance of being picked by His Majesty. That would never happen while the three sons of the Count are around.”
“What’s so special about those three anyway?” one of the Blackstone Soldiers retorted. “Our Lord, Lark Marcus, even drove back a legion of beastmen on his own!”
The unknown soldier froze momentarily. After a few seconds, he broke out into another fit of laughter. “L-Lark Marcus he says! Hahaha! So your master is that trash noble? And you believe those rumors about him driving back the Third Legion? Even the little kids in our County don’t believe that!”
Now, even the soldier next to him began to chuckle. At first, he was afraid to spark a war with this group since they did not know which faction this army belonged to. But after knowing that these guys were part of that trash’s army—Lark Marcus—he also started to join in the fun.
“I heard your Lord’s the one who sparked this all-out war with the Empire. He’s such a capable man, isn’t he? Trash will always be trash, it seems,” he said.
“He should have just shut his mouth back then! Look at us now, we’re all heading off to war because of the stupidity of your master!”
The Blackstone Soldiers were finally fed up. They stood up and charged at them. Quickly, it turned into a brawl.
“H-Hey, fuck! Stop!” The two soldiers tried to defend themselves, but to their horror, the Blackstone Soldiers were surprisingly good in a fight—they also outnumbered them.
To the Blackstone Soldiers, who fought against the humanoid basilisks on a daily basis, these two were nothing but fodder. Their movements felt really slow, as though they were not moving at all.
After a minute passed, the two soldiers fell limp on the ground. Their cheeks and eyes were swollen, their lips busted. They groaned in pain as tears flowed down their faces.
After hearing the commotion outside, Lark went out of his tent. He creased his brows upon seeing the two soldiers on the ground.
“What happened? Who did this?”
Judging by the crest on their shoulders, these two soldiers did not belong to his army. He looked at his men unhappily. The moment he made eye contact with them, they immediately averted their gazes.
“I’m asking who did this!” He suppressed a snarl.
The Blackstone Soldiers flinched. One after another, they raised their hands. Seven people in total.
Infighting was strictly prohibited back in the Magic Empire. Not only did it decrease their fighting force and morale, it also hindered them from working as a team once war broke out.
“Why did you do it?” Lark decided to hear them out first. “Why did you beat them up?”
He was aware of the strength of his soldiers. Despite their shabby appearance, they were probably stronger than most of the soldiers gathered here. After all, they had been sparring with the humanoid basilisks every day for the past few months.
One of the seven soldiers stepped up and explained what had transpired to Lark. After hearing the story, Lark sighed. His anger dissipated after hearing that they jumped at these two to defend the honor of their Lord, but still he could not let them go unpunished.
“The seven of you,” said Lark. “Come with me. We’ll personally make an apology to the commander of their army.”
Lark looked at the beaten-up soldiers lying on the ground. “Ah, don’t forget to bring those two with us.”
The Blackstone Soldiers, although reluctant, started carrying the injured soldiers on their backs. They moved through the large camp and after asking around, they reached the tent of the commander of the soldiers they beat up.
Naturally, the soldiers belonging to their camp heard the news that two of their guys had been beaten up. They surrounded Lark and his men as they stood outside the commander’s tent. Although they were infuriated that their guys were beaten up, they did not immediately pounce at Lark.
The commander must have been sleeping, as it took some time before he finally came out. Arzen, the commander of this army, rubbed his eyes and opened the flap of his tent. Seeing the numerous soldiers surrounding his tent, and Lark and his men, he was immediately jolted awake.
Lark approached him and said, “Lark Marcus. Commander of the Blackstone Army. I’m here to personally apologize on behalf of my men.”
Arzen soon heard what happened. Lark explained everything, without leaving out any details.
“I see,” Arzen nodded in understanding. He glared at the two battered soldiers unhappily. “The two of you. Is everything this Young Lord said correct?”
The two beaten-up soldiers looked at each other, before slowly nodding their heads. Arzen sighed. He clicked his tongue.
To Lark’s surprise, Arzen bowed his head. “It seems that my men are at fault. I apologize. I promise that proper punishment will be carried out for these two.”
The two beaten-up men shivered.
“B-But Lord Arzen!”
“M-My Lord!”
“Silence!” Arzen glared at them. “Tie them up! They will not be given any food or drink for a day and a half. Anyone who secretly tries to feed them will be kicked out of my army! Understood?”
“Y-Yes, Lord!”
Several soldiers grabbed the two soldiers and dragged them away. They tried to plead with their Lord but their voices soon died out.
Arzen sighed again. He touched his throbbing forehead. “Ah, what a waste of a good sleep. To think that those two idiots started a fight over something so stupid.”
He looked at Lark. He flashed a smile. “Ah, I haven’t introduced myself, have I? Arzen, first son of Count Boris. Future commander of this army.”
The last few words were stated with certainty. A smile slowly formed on Lark’s lips. He found this man interesting.
“Lark Marcus, Lord of Blackstone Town.”
“Oh, not going to introduce yourself as a future commander of this army?”
Lark chuckled. “I have no interest in that. And I heard there’re three slots?”
Arzen grinned. “Three slots. Aris. Mokuva. Me. All three slots will be given to the House Boris. Three days from now, we’ll be the ones leading these soldiers to crush the Imperial Army.”
VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 3
King Alvis was watering the plants in the royal garden. This was one of his ways to retain his sanity amidst the incessant politics. One of his simple joys in life.
“Your Majesty,” said the Grand Chamberlain. “All of the reinforcements have gathered.”
“Finally.” King Alvis placed the watering can on the table. “Gather the leaders of each army here. It is time for us to choose the commanders.”
“Here, in the garden?” the Grand Chamberlain asked, to be sure.
King Alvis smiled. “I believe the royal garden is a lot more beautiful than the throne room. Don’t you think so, Viscount Lakian?”
The Grand Chamberlain could only concede and nod his head. He looked around and saw the thousands of flowers. This place was large, so there should be enough space for the crowd.
“As you wish, Your Majesty.” He bowed his head and left.
Left all alone, with only two of his personal guards nearby, King Alvis fell into deep thought. He had read all the documents regarding the nobles who answered the summons. Among all of them, five stood out the most. Surprisingly, three of them came from the House Boris.
Arzen, first son of Count Boris. He graduated at the military academy with top grades. During the exit exam of the military academy, he even managed to perfectly clear the hidden path and escape unscathed. After graduation, he immediately assumed the position of commander of the Boris Army, successfully wiping out all of the bandits in their territory.
Mokuva, second son of Count Boris. The author of the book: Fifty-Seven Assault Tactics. The things written in that book were surprisingly effective in real battle—the Kingdom even incorporated it into their war strategies. Although Mokuva never joined the military due to his frail body, he was without doubt a genius who could see the battlefield as a whole.
Aris, third son of Count Boris. He was no genius in military tactics nor was he a graduate of the military academy. But he was a High Priest candidate. This meant that if King Alvis were to choose him as one of the three commanders, they would be able to enlist the help of the temple in this war. The temple always assumed neutrality, but if a High Priest candidate were to become a commander, it would become a different story. Getting several priests capable of healing magic from the temple would no longer be a dream.
And the other two who did not belong to the House Boris:
Baron Zacharia. A former instructor of the Leonard Fighting School. The school that teaches the martial arts of the savages. He lost an arm during the Bloody Thorn Plains Incident fifteen years ago and retired, but he was nonetheless a war veteran.
And lastly,
Lark Marcus. The disowned son of Duke Drakus. The same noble who invented the method of destroying the Black Famine. The noble who defeated the Third Legion several months ago. The person who gave them the blueprint for the mana bombs.
“I should choose wisely,” the King sighed. “The fate of this Kingdom rests in their hands.”
Thankfully, the curse which ran down the blood of the royal family was not acting up this time. The King would be able to meet the leaders of the army without worrying about suddenly losing consciousness in the middle of his speech.
He remembered his meeting with the dwarves several days ago. The dwarves he met using the artifact promised to relay his message to the Dwarven Kingdom. That Kingdom had closed its borders to outsiders for more than a century now. The magic of the dragon guarding their borders made the barrier impregnable. Only members of the Dwarven race could enter, thus the King had no choice but to approach a member of their race to relay even a simple message.
The message was simple. The King promised to send all the finest wines stored in the cellar of the castle—wines more than one hundred years old—in exchange of weapons. He even promised to pay tens of thousands in gold coins if the Dwarven Kingdom could assist them in this war.
The Dwarven Kingdom was one of the richest countries in the land. Hopefully, their meager offer would be enough to entice those drunkards. Even outdated weaponries would be fine, since it had been proven that all of the dwarves’ weapons were highly effective in war.
“Your Majesty,” said one of the guards, his voice almost a whisper. “They’ve arrived.”
King Alvis bobbed his head. He must have been lost in thought for quite some time. Fortunately, he had come to a conclusion. All that was left was to meet them in person.
Viscount Lakian entered the royal garden, along with several dozen others. King Alvis recognized the majority of them. They were the nobles summoned by the crown.
“We all greet His Majesty!”
“We all greet His Majesty!”
Everyone clasped their hands and bowed their heads upon seeing the King.
“First of all, I must thank everyone for coming here.” King Alvis gently smiled, forming numerous wrinkles on his face. “I’m sure everyone is aware of the precarious situation our Kingdom is in.”
Most of the nobles held grim faces upon hearing this. They all knew that it would only be a matter of time before their territories were targeted by the Empire.
“This is not out yet in the public, but four days ago…” the smile slowly left the King’s face, “the city of Yan fell into the Empire’s hands.”
The nobles were flustered upon hearing this. The City of Yan was near the capital.
Arzen momentarily looked at Lark. The City of Yan belonged to the House Marcus. It was one of the large cities governed by the Marcuses. But Lark was unaware of this as he continued to calmly listen to the King.
“I’m aware that all of you came from different factions, cities, territories. But I ask you to set aside those differences for now and work together to overcome this hurdle before us.” The King looked everyone in the eye. “The first goal of this Coalition Army is this—free the City of Yan from the hands of the Empire.”
It was a logical proposal, considering the fact that it was the nearest city currently occupied by the Empire.
“And to do that, we’ll need commanders. Commanders capable of leading these soldiers.”
The atmosphere began to heat up. Everyone had heard that three commanders were going to be picked today by His Majesty. Everyone hoped that they would be among the three.
The Coalition Army consisted of around forty thousand soldiers. Even after dividing them into three armies, a commander would still have authority over a legion. To lead such a massive force was the opportunity of a lifetime.
“I will now announce the three commanders for this army.”
Everyone held their breath. The tense atmosphere was a stark contrast to the beautiful scenery filled with thousands of flowers.
“First, Baron Zacharia.”
Everyone’s gaze landed on the middle-aged man with a missing arm. He was a famous figure in the Kingdom. A retired veteran who survived the Bloody Thorn Plains Incident fifteen years ago.
Although the nobles were disheartened that they were not immediately picked, they could understand the reason why Zacharia was chosen by the King. Not only was he strong, he also held decades’ worth of wisdom born from numerous battlefields.
“Baron Zacharia, step forward!” said the Grand Chamberlain.
The Baron stepped forward and knelt before His Majesty.
“You shall be granted the authority over fourteen thousand soldiers,” said the King. “You are hereby granted the title of Commander of the First Army!”
The King pinned a medal on Baron Zacharia’s shoulder.
“I am greatly honored, Your Majesty.”
The Baron moved to the side and stood next to the Grand Chamberlain.
“And the second commander for this army,” said the King.
Time seemed to slow down as the King slowly opened his lips.
“Arzen Boris.”
Arzen’s eyes glimmered for a moment. A wide grin formed on his face.
“Arzen Boris, step forward!” said the Grand Chamberlain.
Arzen stepped forward and knelt down before the King.
“Arzen Boris, you are hereby granted authority over fourteen thousand soldiers,” said the King. “You shall be the Commander of the Second Army!”
The King also pinned a medal on Arzen’s shoulder.
“I will crush those imperial dogs for you, Your Majesty.”
King Alvis nodded. “I expect a lot from the younger generation, from you, Arzen.”
Arzen bowed his head. “I will not fail your expectations, My King.”
Arzen moved to the side and stood next to the Baron. He momentarily locked eyes with Zacharia. He whispered, “Who do you think is the third?”
Zacharia gave a disinterested reply, “Who knows.”
Arzen chuckled. The middle-aged man was a typical war veteran.
“And the last!” said the King.
By now, everyone was on the edge of their seats. Only one slot was remaining.
“Come forward,” the King raised his voice, “Lark Marcus!”
A young man with silver hair stepped out of the crowd. He slowly walked toward the King, his gait filled with confidence. He knelt down before His Majesty.
“You are granted authority over seventeen thousand soldiers! You will be given the title: Commander of the Third Army!”
Lark felt the irony of this title. Not even a year had passed since he defeated the Third Legion. But now, he was granted the title of Commander of the Third Army. An army more than large enough to be called a legion.
But this was just perfect. Not only was he given one of the three slots, he was given authority to a larger army than the other commanders. There was a lot he could do with seventeen thousand soldiers under his command.
“I humbly accept this task, Your Majesty.”
He felt a piercing gaze from his right. Upon looking, he saw Arzen staring at him. The man was smiling, but his eyes were glimmering with dangerous light. He was probably displeased that Lark was chosen instead of one of his brothers.
Lark moved to the side and stood next to the other two commanders. Arzen said to him, “Never expected this twist in the story. Congrats.”
Lark did not reply to the sarcastic remark. He merely stood there, attentively listening to the King as he announced which armies will be incorporated into the First, Second, and Third Army.
Some of the nobles groaned when they heard that their soldiers would be under the Third Army, under the command of Lark. It was understandable, since Lark’s previous shell had a notorious reputation. Even his previous feats of destroying the Black Famine and driving away the Third Legion did not easily erase that.
The King started discussing the plan of taking back the City of Yan. Lark frowned. It should be possible to take back the city, but it would waste this army’s potential. In the end, he decided to speak his mind.
He raised his hand. “Your Majesty, may I give a suggestion?”
The King paused. He looked at Lark for a moment. He remembered that the last time Lark spoke his mind, he gave them the blueprint for the mana bombs, even drafting the plan to attack the nearest city of the Empire. Although it incited an all-out war with the Empire, no one could refute that it was nonetheless an ingenious plan.
Anticipation started to well up within him. The King said, “Go on. What is it?”
Lark could feel numerous gazes on him but he did not care. He spoke what was on his mind. “I believe that retaking the City of Yan with all three armies combined is a mistake. Even if we take back the city, it would not benefit the Kingdom in the slightest.”
“But young man,” said the King. “The City of Yan is only several days away from the capital. If we do not recapture it right away, the capital is at risk of invasion from the Empire.”
The other nobles nodded at the King’s statement.
Lark raised three fingers. “Right now, three massive armies are here at the capital. I suggest that only the First Army march toward the City of Yan and retake it from the Empire’s hands.”
He glanced at Arzen, then at the King. “Meanwhile, the Second and Third Army will recapture Yorkshaire City.”
It felt like a declaration of suicide. Although it had been captured by the Empire, Yorkshaire City was still known as an impregnable fortress. And now that tens of thousands of soldiers from the Empire were guarding it, they would need way more soldiers to take back the city. Even the Silver War God and the Sword Saint had failed. But now, this newly elected commander was suggesting that they attack that fortress.
Arzen furrowed his brows. He was a commander too. He disliked the feeling that Lark was telling him which city he should attack.
“I refuse,” said Arzen. “Attacking Yorkshaire, as we are now, is suicide. We should first regroup with the scattered Marcus Army and Yorkshaire Army, then from there, formulate a plan to take back the city.”
Buzzes filled the royal garden. The nobles started discussing among themselves which decision was correct.
“Silence!” snarled the Grand Chamberlain. “You are before His Majesty!”
And silence befell everyone. But deep within their minds, they started calculating the pros and cons of these suggestions. Most of the nobles sided with Arzen, since the most logical thing to do was amass more soldiers before launching an attack to that fortress.
The King looked conflicted as he considered both sides. Eventually he sighed. “Lark Marcus, I’m afraid that if the Commander of the Second Army refuses to take part in your request, there’s nothing more I can do.”
Arzen grinned. He looked at Lark triumphantly.
“Your Majesty,” said Lark, “recapturing the cities occupied by the Empire’s soldiers will do nothing but chip away at our strength. As long as Yorkshaire remains within the Empire’s grasp, imperial soldiers will just keep coming through that path. In the end, when our soldiers are exhausted from all the fighting, the Empire will launch an all-out offensive at the capital.”
The soldiers of the Empire were several times that of the Kingdom. As long as they occupied Yorkshaire, they could just send more soldiers to replace the fallen ones. This was probably the reason why the War God and the Sword Saint immediately rallied the defeated Marcus Army and Yorkshaire Army to reclaim the city. Unfortunately, they lost in their attempt to retake the city.
The buzz filled the garden once again. The nobles began discussing the proposals of Lark and Arzen.
As the nobles were having heated arguments, Baron Zacharia—who’d remained silent until now—spoke.
“If the Second Army isn’t willing to do it, my army will.”
Lark was taken by surprise. He had not expected the war veteran to take his side.
“I believe that attacking Yorkshaire is the correct choice at this moment, Your Majesty,” Baron Zacharia said humbly . “I do not want this war to be a repeat of the Bloody Thorn Plains Incident. Even if it means death, I will join the attack on Yorkshaire.”
VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 4
Lark’s suggestion brought forth heated discussions within the upper echelons of the capital. The King gathered his officials as they discussed the next step. In the end, the march toward the City of Yan was delayed by an entire day. The officials were torn between two choices: take back the nearby City of Yan from the Empire, or recapture the City of Yorkshaire.
“But, Your Majesty,” one of the six officials gathered in the throne room raised his voice, “as we are now, we can’t risk attacking the Yorkshaire Fortress! I heard the bastards from the Empire fortified the walls and laid more traps! If we allow this farce, we’ll be simply sending the soldiers to their deaths!”
Three other officials nodded at these words. The remaining two, on the other hand, kept their silence.
“Lord Hais is right, Your Majesty! The best thing we could do right now is to take back the nearby City of Yan, then regroup with the scattered Marcus and Yorkshaire Army, before heading to the front lines! As we are now, it’ll be impossible for us to win against the Empire!”
“Just General Rizel alone is enough to topple several cities, but there’s General Alvaren too! Two monsters of the old era are currently rampaging in the Western Front right now. I doubt even the Sword Saint could win against them one-on-one!”
“Fool!” One of the officials who was silent until now finally spoke. “No one can possibly win against the Sword Saint in a one-on-one fight! Have you lost your mind, Count?”
“Hah! I’ve lost my mind? The Sword Saint ran away from the fight! And you still think he’s the same peerless swordsman he was once before? He’s too old. No matter how skilled he is with the sword, he’s now nothing but an old man knocking on death’s door!”
“Enough!” roared the King. He coughed thrice after exerting himself from the shout.
Silence descended the throne room. One of the King’s personal guards handed him a goblet. After taking a sip, the King sighed and leaned back on his throne.
“I believe that the majority of you are against this,” said the King. His usually kind smile was gone. “But I, your King, will have the final say.”
King Alvis looked at each and every one of them. Although they were in clear opposition right now, King Alvis had no doubts of their loyalty toward the Kingdom.
“Alain,” the King said to the only official who hadn’t voiced his opinion, “you’ve been silent until now. Tell me, what do you think about Lark Marcus’ proposal?”
Everyone looked at the official’s direction. Seeing everyone’s gazes, he spoke. “I also believe that it’s foolish to attack Yorkshaire City right away,” he said. “It’ll be impossible to retake that city unless, by some miracle, we are able to enlist the help of a powerful reinforcement—at least as powerful as the magic tower. But those magicians… They will never move unless their city is directly attacked. The Empire probably knows this too. That’s why they openly stated that they have no intention of antagonizing the tower.”
Wizzert City was probably the safest city in the Kingdom right now. There were rumors that once the Empire annexed the entire Kingdom, only the City of Magic would be left untouched. It seemed that the Empire did not want to risk waging war with a city full of magicians. There was also the speculation that the Emperor wanted the tower to be included among their ranks.
“How about the Royal Court Magicians?” one of the officials asked.
“They’ve already been dispatched to rescue Duke Kelvin’s son.”
The officials’ faces turned sour. Due to Lancaster’s capture, the entire Kelvin Duchy came up with the perfect excuse not to actively take part in this war. The King immediately gathered his officials and they eventually came up with the plan of rescuing Lancaster from General Rizel’s grasp. According to their intel, the successor to the House Kelvin was currently locked up in Rock Castle, just a week away from the Kelvin Duchy.
They decided to send a team of elites—half of the Royal Court Magicians—to rescue the hostage. Hopefully, by rescuing Lancaster, they’d be able to enlist the help of the Kelvin Duchy.
“The Royal Court Magicians are no good, huh?”
The remaining half of the Royal Court Magicians were currently tasked with protecting the capital.
“Damn it. If only those bastards from the magic tower would participate in this war! Can’t they see that at this rate, the Kingdom will fall to the Empire’s hands?”
The King fell into contemplation, ignoring the bickering of the officials beneath his throne.
The Empire.
The magic tower.
The Royal Court Magicians.
Why hadn’t he thought of it until now?
If he looked at it from a wider perspective, the answer had been there all along.
If the participation of the tower of magic alone could greatly influence the tide of war, then how much impact would it bring if the person who defeated the magicians of the tower participated?
The King’s heart started pounding at this thought.
He was a fool for taking this long to realize whether Lark Marcus’ proposal was right or wrong.
Finally, he spoke. “I’ve decided.”
Everyone shut their lips and looked at the King. At the end of the day, the final decision rested on him.
“We will go along with Lark Marcus’ plan. The First and Third Army shall march to Yorkshaire.”
The officials looked as though they’d just been sentenced to death. They groaned.
“But your Majesty—”
“—The attack on the magic tower a few months ago…” said the King, “the unknown person who single-handedly defeated all the magicians of the magic tower.”
“Does your Majesty finally have a lead on that powerful magician?” Lord Hais almost squeaked. He was among those who adamantly searched for the identity of the perpetrator in hopes of luring him in within the ranks of the Royal Court Magicians.
The King nodded. “Yes. I’ve appointed him as the Commander of the Third Army just recently.”
The eyes of the officials widened to the point of almost popping out. Some of them tried to say a few words but eventually decided to shut their mouths.
“L-Lark Marcus? There… must be a mistake.”
The King sighed. “I was stunned when I heard the report from Mikael too. Who would have known that the second son of Duke Drakus is capable of Grand Scale Magic?”
Grand Scale Magic.
The officials remembered the reports regarding the attack on the magic tower. A lone magician attacked the magic tower and defeated all of its magicians.
They finally realized why the King had chosen Lark Marcus as the Commander of the Third Army, and why the young man considered the option of directly attacking Yorkshaire City.
“The decision is final. Give the order for the First and Third Army to start their march.”
***
After receiving the go signal, Lark gathered all the soldiers of the Third Army. Standing on top of a large mound he created using earth magic, he scanned the sea of soldiers before him. He could see the uneasiness and fear in some of them, while there were those who did not bother to hide their contempt at him, their new commander.
Lark amplified his voice with magic and said, “I am the Commander of the Third Army, Lark Marcus. I’m sure most of you’ve heard about me, so I’ll skip the introductions. I gathered all of you here today to know one thing: Your skills, your worth. I want to know what you can do, what you can offer to this army.”
He paused and looked at the soldiers gathered before him. “What we’ll be going up against are soldiers of the Empire—veterans of war. An army without any coordination will never win against them.
“Therefore, before we start our march, I want this army to be divided into six groups. Light infantry, heavy infantry, cavalry, archers, scouts, and the supplies team.
“It should be fairly obvious, but those of you who are confident of your defenses should join the heavy infantry. It doesn’t matter if you’re wearing leather armors, as long as your magic permits you to take several blows from the army, you’re qualified for the positi—”
“—Hey! Why should we listen to a brat like you?” someone among the crowd interjected.
Lark smiled. Someone finally voiced their discontent.
He had expected things to go this way the moment he was elected as one of the three commanders. After all, no one in this army would like to follow a weak-looking young man like him. And there was also his notorious reputation to boot.
“Good question,” Lark’s eyes glimmered dangerously. “First, because I am your commander, appointed by the King himself. And second, because I’m a lot stronger than you, old man. Insubordination is a crime. This is the last warning. I will not tolerate any more disrespect from here on out.”
Lark knew that he should set the rules straight. Otherwise, he would be unable to control this massive army once they clashed with the Empire.
These guys knew him as nothing but the incompetent, disowned son of a Duke. He could see from their eyes that none of them respected nor feared him. Lark planned on rectifying this before their march.
“Stronger than me? Hah!” The soldier fearlessly retorted. “What does a noble like you know about the battlefield anyway?”
Snickers were heard here and there.
Lark knew that if he did not cull this here, it would bite him in the back later on. Although cruel, he decided to make an example out of this fool.
He pointed a finger at the man and vines sprouted from the ground, ensnaring the man’s entire body. The vines shot up several dozens of meters into the air, carrying the man with it.
“W-Wha… Hey! What’s happening?”
From the body of Lark, a malevolent aura started oozing out. The amount of mana was so colossal that even the non-magicians could see its torrent.
It was a wasteful display of strength, something Lark would never do on a real battlefield. But right now, he needed to show these soldiers what he was capable of. Otherwise, he would have a hard time controlling them later on. After all, these soldiers tend to follow only the strong.
“Old man, I warned you before.”
Lark pointed a finger at the heavens and the torrent of energy oozing out of his body started forming a colossal ball of fire. The energy contained within started dispersing the clouds. The heat almost scorched the skins of the soldiers below.
“Why didn’t you listen?”
The soldiers trembled as the gargantuan ball of fire slowly started to descend from the heavens. If that thing hits them, hundreds, if not thousands would perish on the spot, their bodies gone without a trace.
Without a doubt, this was Grand Scale Magic.
Had the soldiers not witnessed this with their own eyes, they wouldn’t have believed that such a thing was possible. That a single person was capable of casting such catastrophic spell on his own.
Lark knew that casting this magic was akin to using a sledgehammer to swat a fly, but this display of strength would prove crucial to the stability of their command structure later on. If these guys followed only the strong, then he would show them peerless strength, capable of tilting the battlefield. It was the only way to quickly control this massive army despite the infamy of the previous owner of his body.
“Fool.”
With that last word as its cue, the ball of fire engulfed the man’s entire body. His screams died as soon as it started. In just a few seconds, his entire body was burned to dust. Ashes fell down like rain to the ground.
And as though everything was a lie, the ball of fire dissipated and vanished entirely from sight.
Everyone who saw how the man met his end shivered. They looked at Lark and trembled even further upon seeing those ruthless eyes. Those were the eyes of someone who had taken several lives before. The buzz and murmurs immediately died. No one dared to make a sound.
“I’ll say it one last time,” Lark’s eyes were predatory, “insubordination is punishable by death.”
Although his speech was shorter, his words carried far greater weight than before. After all, everyone saw with their own eyes how Lark killed the man without batting an eye.
It was ruthless, but somewhere deep within them, the soldiers preferred this kind of commander. If the commander was weak, the entire army would perish. They would rather have a ruthless but strong commander than a kind but feeble leader.
VOLUME 4: CHAPTER 5
After organizing the army into several different units, the Third and First Army started their march toward the City of Yorkshaire. It seemed that Lark’s demonstration of might was effective. Although there was still discontent among the soldiers, the hostile glares sent to Lark every now and then had vanished entirely. In its place, the seeds of fear and curiosity slowly grew.
From an incompetent, disowned son of a Duke, Lark’s reputation turned into that of a tyrant. Some soldiers would occasionally discuss every now and then the things that might trigger the commander’s wrath. They wanted to avoid these things at all costs. They could still vividly remember how that old soldier who provoked the commander met his end.
“It seems that the soldiers are starting to call you the Demon Commander.” Baron Zacharia rode his mount next to Lark’s.
“Demon Commander?” chuckled Lark. “That’s a lot better than being called brat or kid, don’t you agree?”
The Baron was as expressionless as before. “So why did you call me over here?”
Lark took something out of his pocket and handed it to the Baron. “Before our armies part, I want you to have this.”
The Baron looked at the item placed on his hand. “A necklace?”
It was a dull-looking necklace with a small gemstone attached. It could probably be sold at the city for four to six silvers, but that’s all. It was nothing out of the ordinary.
“I heard you’re a former martial arts instructor in a school. Can you use mana?”
“Of course.”
“Then…,” Lark pointed at the gemstone attached to the necklace, “try applying some mana to it.”
The Baron did as he was told. After applying some mana into the gemstone, it glowed. At the same time, he heard a voice through his head.
“Can you hear me, Baron?”
The words felt like a whisper, but the Baron heard each of them clearly. It took the Baron a few seconds before he finally realized that they came from the necklace itself.
He looked at the necklace then at Lark.
“Is it… communication magic?”
Lark responded through the necklace. “That’s right. It should work as long as you supply it with mana. But since the magic stone I placed in that thing is of very poor quality, there’s a limit to the distance.”
Lark had no choice but use a very low-quality magic stone for the item, since nowadays, magic stones were being sold like rye bread. The higher quality ones were being bought the moment they left the shelves. The war with the Empire must have increased the demand for such items.
The Baron stared at the necklace in his hand. He had never seen such an artifact before, but he knew that such an item would sell for at least several dozen gold coins in the market. This item would surely benefit them in the battle to come, since it would enable the two armies to coordinate despite the distance.
“I can receive your messages just fine, but how do I send one?” The Baron took out a small pouch filled with gold coins. “And I can’t take this thing for free.” He tossed the pouch toward Lark and the young man caught it easily. “I’m not sure how much this thing will sell for, but that’s all I have with me right now. Take it.”
Lark looked at the pouch’s contents. He paused for a moment then tied it on his waist. “Well, every piece of gold counts. Thanks. Using that thing’s fairly easy. Just channel your mana like before, but this time, focus on trying to send a message too.”
The Baron wordlessly did what Lark taught. He channeled his mana to the magic stone and conveyed his thoughts.
A voice filled with static was heard.
“Can… you… hear. Me?”
Lark grinned. The Baron was a fast learner. “That should be enough.”
A subtle smile formed on the Baron’s lips. He must have felt accomplished after successfully sending out a message on his first try.
“I’ll be sending you messages every now and then. Don’t die.”
The two armies parted ways.
The First Army, led by the Baron, would head toward the northwest. Zacharia’s plan was to gather the scattered Marcus Army before heading directly to Yorkshaire City. This was his only condition before he agreed to Lark’s plan. But if this failed, he promised to proceed with the contingency plan and simultaneously attack Yorkshaire City along with the Third Army.
Lark, on the other hand, did not have a specific route in mind. His goal was simple: Avoid as many enemies as possible as they made their way toward Yorkshaire. And to achieve this, he made preparations beforehand.
“Austen, George,” he called out to his disciples, “do it.”
The brothers bobbed their heads. They opened the cage sitting on top of a cart and dozens of birds flew out.
“Now!” said Lark.
Austen and George touched their respective magic crystals—made by Lark back in Blackstone Town—and channeled their mana into it. The crystals glowed and the birds momentarily froze, screeched, then flew around the army marching below them.
As expected of the brothers. Their mana pools were even larger than Lark’s. Supplying mana for a few dozen surveillance birds should be sustainable.
“Do you see it?” said Lark.
Austen was speechless.
George choked his words out. “A-Amazing! I can see it! I can see everything!”
Austen finally managed to speak. “T-This is… with this, it’ll be impossible to ambush our army! We’ll be unbeatable!”
The magic crystal made it possible for Austen and George to see what the surveillance birds were seeing. With the application of mana, they could even will the birds to move up in altitude and move toward a certain direction.
“Unbeatable?” Lark shook his head. “Calm down. This spell is easy to counter. A simple barrier spell will disrupt the connection, that’s why I told you guys to make sure the birds are spread out in all directions. Hopefully, we can catch our enemies off guard before they’re able to erect their barriers.”
Back in the Magic Empire, this spell was unpopular due to barriers enclosing even the smallest cities. Those who would cast this spell would immediately find their surveillance birds dead after less than an hour. Lark hoped that they would not encounter a magic barrier along the way, since he went through great efforts to prepare all of these surveillance birds beforehand.
Lark touched a third magic crystal and he started seeing the same vision as George and Austen. Bringing these two with him was indeed the right choice. As long as they were around, supplying the surveillance magic with mana would not be a problem.
***
A few days passed. Using the surveillance magic, Lark always scanned everything within a ten-kilometer radius.
And he finally saw his first targets.
Around seven kilometers away from them, a group of soldiers were moving through grassland. Lark willed one of the birds to move closer and saw the crest on the soldiers’ chests. It was the crest of the Empire. There was no doubt.
“Anandra, you’ve gathered enough men for the scouts?”
His right-hand man nodded. “Yes, My Lord.”
“Take twenty of your most nimble men and move toward this direction.” Lark pointed at the map provided to them by the capital. “You’ll come across a group of soldiers from the Empire. Must be scouts. Kill them.”
