
*****************************************************
*****************************************************
Your ebook has decrypted.
The TXT file just save 20% of ebook content.
Please register the software, then get all contents and the valid ebook format.
*****************************************************
*****************************************************


    REXUS
Side Quest in THE COMPLETIONIST CHRONICLES Series
Written by Dakota Krout
© 2019 Mountaindale Press. All rights reserved. No portion of this book may be reproduced in any form without permission from the publisher, except as permitted by US copyright law.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, businesses, companies, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Table of Contents
Acknowledgments
Newsletter
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-one
Chapter Twenty-two
Chapter Twenty-three
Chapter Twenty-four
Chapter Twenty-five
Chapter Twenty-six
Chapter Twenty-seven
Chapter Twenty-eight
Chapter Twenty-nine
Chapter Thirty
Epilogue
Afterword
About Dakota Krout
About Mountaindale Press
Mountaindale Press Titles
GameLit and LitRPG
Appendix
Notable Characters
Jaxon’s Final Stats
Acknowledgments
There are many people who have given a huge amount of encouragement to me. An extra special thank you to Steven Willden, Nicholas Schmidt, Samuel Landrie, Justin Williams, Blas Agosto, Andrew Long, Dennis Vanderkerken, William Merrick, Mikeal Moffatt, Brayden Wallach, Tom Pachys, Zachary Meyers, John Grover, and all other Patreons for your support! You make everything I do just that much easier.
Thank you to all the people that have had a hand in this. To Aaron Crash, James Hunter, and Jeanette Strode for the original concept and to Valerie Reed for the sketch that resulted in my favorite cover. To Dylan Schnabel and all my beta readers, everything you do helps make this project better and helps me create an awesome story!
Thank you to my wonderful wife, who not only encouraged me to write but joined me in the terrifying leap of self-employment. Now we work harder than we ever have, but I’m so blessed because I get to spend every single day with you and our beautiful daughter.
Lastly, a heartfelt thanks to you, my reader. My next book is only ever able to come out because of your continued support! Cheers to you and Happy New Year!
Newsletter
Don’t miss out on future releases! Sign up for my newsletter to stay up to date. And as always, thank you for your support! You are the reason I’m able to bring these stories to life.
Chapter One
Jaxon looked out at the Wolfmen pouring out of the forest and across the no-man’s land, careful not to show his glee. The people around him were nervous, unprepared for a battle of this scale to continue as long as it had. Jaxon simply had a different outlook on things than they did; this was hundreds, no, thousands of creatures seeking his professional opinion on their skeletal structure! He could easily have told them all that their posture was so poor due to their constant hunching, but they seemed to need more aggressive treatment plans than a stern talking to would entail.
As he worked on his new patients with his fists, Jaxon noticed that the people around him had changed what they were shouting about. He had no idea why everyone else around him was getting all worked up over a silly little thing like the King taking the field; the monarch was only blocking a small portion of the foes from closing in. “Don’t worry, friends! There will still be plenty for the rest of us! He can’t fight them all!”
Jaxon punched, poked, and applied acupressure on each of the Wolfmen within arms’ reach, just as he had since the start of this unfortunate little conflict.
“Hey! Come back here. We haven’t finished!” Jaxon’s patient was trying to seek a second opinion from his colleague Bard, but the axe-wielding Skald wasn’t paying attention. The Monk was sure that the Wolfman was only going to tap Bard on the shoulder and ask him to change the song he was singing, but Jaxon decided to remind the hairy beast that he needed to focus on his own physical health first. “Adjust!”
The Wolfman Warrior yelped as his back was forcibly straightened, Jaxon’s class skill using each ‘stack’ he had applied on that location to increase the power of the adjustment. “Ah, excellent! Now, Mr. Wolfman, thank you for paying attention properly. If you notice, your posture has improved remarkably! Look how much faster your attacks are moving! Wow! The force you are able to muster behind those blows has increased by almost thirty percent! You should seek regular treatment from me.”
The Wolfman attempted to give Jaxon the highest of ‘high-fives’ in thanks, but he must have forgotten that he was holding a sword. Jaxon stepped out of the way, making sure to maintain a smile so he didn’t make the beastman too nervous to schedule an appointment in the near future. “Oh. Oh, dear. It seems someone stabbed my new patient and threw him over the wall. I don’t have business cards yet! I’m Jaxon!”
Skill increased: Contortionist’s Dodge (Student VI).
Skill increased: Wolfman Skeletal Structure (Apprentice III).
He wasn’t sure if he was heard over the din of battle, but viral marketing was ‘in’ these days. And new skills! How nice! Jaxon did enjoy the feedback the game gave him for doing things in a better way. It was always pleasant to know that his skill in a given field was so easily quantified and measured, even when it was as esoteric a subject as knowledge of skeletons. He decided to check on his skills soon to review their abilities; it was always fun to see what the system credited him with.
Something had changed—what was that? Jaxon’s vision was suddenly blocked by a new notification, which informed him that the human King had defeated the Wolfman Warlord. Jaxon was finally able to wave away the screen–for some reason it had seemed to be stuck in place–until it was gone, he had shifted around in a small area, expecting to need to dodge various attacks. “Lot of information in that notification! Well, no time to read through the entirety of the message right now, I got the gist of it. Now, where are... hey! My patients are all fleeing! Not again! Come back, Wolfies! There is still so much to learn!”
“Ha, ha!” Bard bellowed a chest-deep laugh. “Ye tell ‘em, Jax! That’s right, ye big furballs! Come back anytime an’ we’ll teach ye a good lesson!”
There were cheers around them as Bard shouted, which made Jaxon’s smile grow wider. He had just learned that the people around him were so nice! Offering to teach people that had been considered racial enemies until this point? Jaxon knew people could get over their animosity to each other, and he supposed that it wasn’t uncommon for young men to get along better after fighting.
“I’ve never been prouder of humanity than right… what’s that?” Jaxon turned and looked at the field of battle just in time to see a wash of white light and heat rolling toward him.
You have died! Calculating… you lose 1,400 experience! You have lost a character level! Time remaining until respawn… 18 in-game hours or nine real-world hours. Time until respawn has been increased by 50% for being in an active war zone!
Jaxon blinked and found himself in a white room with a bean-bag sitting in the center. “I seem to have died. How unfortunate.”
Still, he was pleased that this death was seemingly painless; the majority of his deaths in this game had been quite excruciating. Jaxon had even burned to death once, lasting nearly a full thirty seconds as he tried to get to the exit of the building he had expected to explode. He had hoped for a painless death during his self-sacrifice, but…
“Quickly, quickly! What should I do now? I have a few hours to use, and I’d hate to waste them. Which subject to study? What experiment to run?” Jaxon had no real interest in most of the political goings-on in the game, and it seemed that the camera feeds from his friends were offline, so… perhaps he would review his character information. No, wait! It was very likely that he would gain some experience when he rejoined the game, so Jaxon decided to review his skills instead of looking at his stat sheet. Otherwise, he would not be seeing his most updated characteristics and might feel disheartened. Let’s see… what was that command? Ah, yes. “Show full skill sheet.”
Acupressure (Expert VII). You have reached a high understanding of the application of pressure to the body. Whether with your hands, knives, or needles, you are able to use this knowledge to either hurt or heal. +1% bonus to the healing and harming effects of acupressure per level. +2% critical damage per skill level when attacking acupressure points.
Adjust (Class skill) (Expert IX). Their bones are wrong! You know it even if they don’t. When people have poor posture, they are damaging themselves! You can either correct or exacerbate these issues by striking joints. Each consecutive strike on a joint will add a stack of ‘adjust’ on that location. The base damage of ‘adjust’ is 5, and each stack adds damage by 5X, where X=number of stacks.
For example, consuming three stacks will deal 15 points of damage. When using this skill to correct issues, each stack will add only 1 point of damage. Bonuses for adjustment depends on how poorly adjusted the target was as well as how often they have been adjusted. Activating this skill will consume all current stacks. Cost: 100-n stamina, where n=skill level. Extra effect gained at Expert rank: You may now have stacks accruing on any number of targets at the same time, though still only one location per target.
Aerial acrobatics (Beginner I). This is a subskill of ‘Jump’ and boosts the effectiveness of any mid-air movements. Masters of this skill have been known to remain in the air long enough to cross canyons, and Sages are rumored to be able to walk on clouds. Ease of movement while in the air increases by dexterity+2n% until the end of the beginner ranks, where n=skill level.
Cloth Armor Mastery (Beginner V). Bulky, metal armor is not for you, and leather chafes. Cloth armor was the choice for you! Each skill level increases armor rating and stamina regen by 1% when wearing only cloth armor. As a bonus, being naked or wearing just underclothes counts! Lucky you, not so lucky society!
Contortionist’s Dodge (Student VI). Are your bones made of rubber, your muscles of elastic? You are moving toward perfecting your physical form, and you have found that not getting hit is an important factor in staying alive. Using this skill, you are able to minimize the chance of any part of your body taking a blow by simply bending that specific portion out of the way. Bending is increased by 1% per skill level.
Human Anatomy (Expert III). Through rigorous schooling and study, you have increased your knowledge of human anatomy. This skill impacts all forms of damage and healing to the human body. All effects increased by 1% per skill level.
Intimidation (Journeyman I). You have learned that the most efficient method of dealing with people is saying exactly what you want. Honesty is key, and people have learned to respect that! This skill allows you to make new friends, gain better prices at shops, and speed up conversation. Sometimes people will even give you money for no particular reason! +2% chance to make a new friend, gain money, and get better prices per skill rank. Caution, sometimes people are afraid of the truth and will get mad about how friendly you are. They may even call guards to attack you!
Jump (Beginner IX). You have learned how to effectively use your body to cross distances that remaining firmly on the ground will not allow! Whether you are leaping across a ravine or hopping to get something off the top shelf, you find that you are able to go just a little further. Jump height or length is determined by Strength+n, where n=skill level. Stamina costs for jumping vary but decrease at a rate of .5n%. Test your limits often!
Wolfman Skeletal Structure (Apprentice III). Through rigorous testing, mainly trial and error, you have increased your knowledge of the best placement of bones in Wolfmen. Sometimes they can be ungrateful of your efforts, but your work is important! Ease of adjustments and damage to Wolfman skeletons increased by 1% per skill level.
Jaxon nodded along as he read through his skills. They were all very important to him, and he usually didn’t go out of his way to acquire new ones. He had heard people talking about having a huge list of skills, but Jaxon found that these nine were the ones that had the most impact on himself and what he did. Why would the Monk bother to learn a bunch of useless things that he wouldn’t use regularly?
He supposed that he could take on a hobby or something but was far more interested in perfecting his craft. Imagine what he could do as a Sage of Adjusting? Or of acupressure! Jaxon could heal with a touch, disable with a poke, and contort with a flick!
Feeling better about his life choices so far, Jaxon next decided to skim through a forum he rarely visited. The main reason for his hesitancy was that he found their practices… distasteful, but they were very thorough. As the video flickered to life, a man with an Australian accent appeared. He was currently dissecting a Wolfman and carefully going through all of its weak points. At least the poor beast was dead this time around; that made it easier to watch.
Jaxon listened in and took notes whenever the man found a nerve cluster, needing that knowledge to properly apply pressure or deal critical hits. The lecture only lasted about an hour before the video ended, so Jaxon sifted through the internet searching for new theories, experimentation, and above all else, any advancement in chiropractic medicine or acupuncture.
As per usual, there was not too much that was new to him. This type of medicine hadn’t changed much in the first thousand years of its existence, but it had been refined nicely in the last hundred or so. He must have nodded off during all of his study because the next thing he heard was the sound of the portal to Eternium opening. Jaxon hesitated to enter right away, though he wanted to get back to the world soon. He had been doing well in his studies and had found a few other interesting points that he wouldn’t be able to study without internet access.
He typed out a message and sent it to his team leader, Joe. Staying out of the game for up to a few days, doing some research.
The response from Joe was nearly instantaneous, not surprising since the game was running twice as fast as the real world. No problem, I’m out of commission for a while anyway. Learning to regrow limbs.
“Wow! What an inspiration!” Jaxon resolved to use the next few days to progress to a point where he could do amazing things as well. He went through some forums describing commodity sales and stocks in the game and put in a large order for various supplies and such that he would eventually use to bolster his strength. Jaxon looked into build guides, debunked min-max reports, and various issues that gamers had all run into, resolving to avoid them by learning of them ahead of time.
A few sleep cycles later, Jaxon decided that he was going to start falling behind if he didn’t get back into the game and get a move on. Smiling happily, he stood and stalked over to the rift in the air, jumping through without hesitation. It was time to see what had happened to his friends.
Chapter Two
A thought-provoking fact: no matter how Jaxon entered the portal from his respawn room—in this case, a half-twist barrel roll—he always came out upright and walking. He had no idea when the transition happened, so he had been attempting greater feats of acrobatics whenever he died. It was a morbid thought, but his goal was to someday catch the moment of transition after death! Jaxon didn’t know what he would do with that information, but he was sure something useful would come from it. Speaking of things coming up, the Monk was nearly knocked off his feet as a wall of text assaulted his senses.
Quest complete: Shatter a People. The Human Nation has prevailed against the Wolfman Tribes! Congratulations to you all but especially to the participants. The top three players who contributed to the overall success of this quest will gain a Noble title and a gift of land. In order of contribution, please congratulate: Joe Anti-Mage, Aten Commander, and BackAttack Beastbane.
Jaxon Legend, while not in the top 10 contributors, you have earned the maximum reward possible for your contribution! Reward: 50,000 Exp and 10,000 gold to your personal account. Play on and do great things!
Jaxon grinned widely as he read the information. He loved his notifications; they were so nice to him! Joe had complained a few times that his were either mean or snarky, but Jaxon didn’t have that issue. Perhaps he was just less easily offended?
“Oh… oh! Ugh~h~h~h!” Jaxon let out a scream—or perhaps a moan—of pleasure as the overdose of euphoria washed over him. He was leveling up and up and up! Golden light burst from his body as he was lifted into the air. Jaxon was getting a few disgusted looks, but the majority of people were smiling.
This must be a common occurrence right now, with so many dying right before getting their reward. Thinking about the rush he just felt, Jaxon shook his head wryly. There’s no way that wasn’t addictive, and even knowing that… he was already thinking about what he would need to do to gain a new level as he settled back on the ground. Progression just felt too dang good to pass up.
Now that his mind was clear once more, he tried to remember what he gained each level. He wanted to look at his character sheet and be fully excited, not trying to determine the values. As a Monk, Jaxon gained three free characteristic points per three levels or a point per level that Jaxon received access to on the third level, depending on how you looked at it. He was also automatically granted one point of dexterity, strength, and luck every even level. A fairly standard arrangement as far as he could tell.
Ah right, skill points! He nearly forgot to calculate that. Jaxon gained two skill points per level and knew that this was double the norm, so he made sure not to talk about it to other people. For instance, Jaxon knew that Joe would love to have lots of skill points and didn’t want to rub it in his face. Now, Jaxon just went from level six to eleven but had already used up the skill points for level seven. That left him with... three characteristic points to assign as well as eight skill points!
Deciding to save the skill points until after he specialized, Jaxon added all three characteristic points to dexterity and opened his character sheet. Oh, so pretty!
Name: Jaxon ‘Legend’ Class: Monk
Profession: Chiropractor
Level: 11 Exp: 76,988 Exp to next level: 1,012
Hit Points: 400/400 (50+(350)) (Base 50 plus 10 points for each point in Constitution, once it has increased above 10.)
Mana: Locked
Mana regen: Locked
Stamina: 530/530 (50+(305)+(175)) (Base 50 plus 5 points for each point in strength and constitution, once each of the stats has increased above 10.)
Characteristic: Raw score (Modifier)
Strength: 71 (2.21)
Dexterity: 94 (2.44)
Constitution: 45 (1.45)
Intelligence: 26 (1.26)
Wisdom: 35 (1.35)
Charisma: 4 (0.04)
Perception: 21 (1.21)
Luck: 42 (1.42)
Karmic Luck: -8
He had to admit his stats were one of his favorite parts of this entire experience. Looking at his newly heightened dexterity, Jaxon went through a few of his standard stretching routines to see how much his body could handle. He twisted his arms into different patterns, turned his body in various angles, and tried to bend backwards and put his head between his legs.
He was getting closer to being able to do it! He bet that by the time he got to one hundred points, he’d be able to twist his body hard enough to make it through his legs. Following these motions consistently was how Jaxon learned ‘Contortionist’s Dodge’, and the Monk began wondering if he would be able to take contortionist as a subclass or job now that he had reached level eleven.
How odd. The smiles that people had been giving him before his stretches had turned a little sour. No, wait, what had he been thinking? They were all happy and clapping for him! “Thank you all! I will be working to help other people become this flexible, and I have multi-day buffs that I can grant you for a reasonable price!”
The Monk was not sure how, but it seemed that he was fairly well known. People even began running off to tell their friends that he was going to be offering buffs! How nice of them! A few were even checking his location over their shoulders as they sprinted away to get more people. “Don’t worry! I’ll be around; you can all come and give me money in exchange for adjustments!”
Skill increase: Intimidation (Journeyman II).
Jaxon had no idea why that kept happening. Ah well, at least the skill came with decent benefits. It even said right in the description that it helped him make friends! Speaking of friends, Jaxon decided to go see how everyone else was doing. He skipped along the charred remains of the forest, coughing intermittently at all the smoke still drifting around. He had made the small shrine outside of town his respawn point, even though other people had insisted that the Pathfinder’s Hall Joe had created would have been a better idea. It may have been smarter during wartime, but Jaxon preferred the forest’s calming effects. At least, he normally did.
About halfway to the town, the forest was simply gone. The trees, or lack thereof, turned a once pleasant view into a sad sight. There were still a few tree stumps burning down into the ground, but in general, the entire area was either charred remains or burnt soil. Too bad, really, it would take a long time before anything grew here. Jaxon thought about the seeds he had collected during his time in the instant dungeon but decided against planting them here. They had… interesting effects that Jaxon was looking forward to testing in different circumstances. A positive note arrived on the horizon; he could now see that the town was apparently fine! There was the wall, and the Pathfinder’s Hall was still looming over everything.
“Thank goodness!” It took him a few more minutes of travel, but Jaxon arrived at the gate and waited to be checked in. As he stared at the guard and the guard stared back at him, Jaxon made a realization and screamed at the sky in frustration. Why in the world had he not simply used the function of the shrine to pop into town? That would have saved him a quarter hour, easily! His emotions must have shown on his face—or perhaps it was the scream—because the guard paled and quickly began to speak.
If there was anything Jaxon didn’t like about the game, it was that sometimes people’s mouth movements and words didn’t match perfectly. It reminded him that he was in a game, and this seemed like a strange design flaw to have when everything else was so realistic. “Hi, Jaxon. We missed you! You are looking extra healthy and so flexible! Why don’t you go on in? There is no real reason for me to be guarding this gate, so I won’t bother asking any questions.”
The guard’s words made him happy; it was so nice that he noticed how fit Jaxon looked! The Monk hadn’t thought that dexterity would have any actual impact on his outward appearance, but it seemed it did! He smiled a professional smile at the guard, feeling bad that he didn’t know his name. “Ah, it is nice to see you too! Forgive me, but what is your name?”
“My name is Jay; I’m just here on guard duty. Jaxon, I have back pain from standing here for over an hour. I’m so sore, and my spine is out of alignment!” Jay’s mouth had stopped moving well before his words reached Jaxon, but the issue at hand was more important! Back pain? Spine out of alignment? That wouldn’t do at all, but it was good that this strange little man was so forthcoming with his health issues! Perhaps that was why his mouth was moving so oddly?
“Hello, Jay!” Jaxon moved closer and started doing his finger exercises to limber up. Working while not warmed up was a good way to hurt yourself. “I am going to be selling this service as buffs soon, but as a way of saying sorry for not knowing your name, I suppose I can do a little something for you. Let me help you for free, just this once!”  
The guard tried to protest that Jaxon was being too generous, but the Monk really didn’t mind at all and told him so with a happy smile. The guard pointed his spear at Jaxon and asked the Monk to hold it for him while he was adjusted. Not having anywhere to put the weapon while he worked, Jaxon let him know there wasn’t a need for the guard to release his hold on the polearm! He must have told him this too late, but it wasn’t an issue. Jaxon simply stepped to the side as the weapon was pushed toward his stomach and got to work.
*Snap!* *Snap!* *Snap!* “Adjust!” The guard groaned happily as his posture was corrected, and Jaxon waved off his colorful thanks. Stepping through the gate and looking around, he was a bit confused. Why was the guild bothering to guard that gate? Three of the walls that had been surrounding the town were gone! Jaxon supposed the guard had mentioned something to that effect, but he still found it strange. Walking toward the Pathfinder’s Hall—since the Monk was betting Joe would be in the only building left standing—Jaxon took a moment to consider his team leader. That young man really liked to make huge effects like this oversized building. Jaxon wondered if he was compensating for something? Perhaps he finds his class distasteful… or something along that line?
Not many people were around, certainly none of the villagers that had been placed in the buildings around town for care as they worked through the issues they had gained by becoming monsters and hunting people. Oh dear, they were probably caught in that blast. Too bad. Jaxon wondered if his team was going to lose out on interesting quests because of that. He entered the Hall and was once again impressed by the scope and decoration of the huge building. Between the star-like ceiling and the clear floor, walking through the dark building felt like you were walking through space. A nifty experience indeed, and it made this his favorite building in the entire game.
“Joe, there you are! Hmm. You seem to be in distress. Perhaps your outlook on life needs an adjustment?” Jaxon tried to inject some humor into the scenario for the youngster, but he didn’t think Joe understood any of his excellent jokes. Such a serious person!
“Hi, Jaxon. I’m glad to see that you’re doing okay.” Joe took a few deep breaths and nodded in response to Jaxon’s statement. “Sorry to say that I am going to be unable to go on any quests for a while. I’m having an internal crisis. It seems that I have choice paralysis, and I’m just not sure where to go from here.”
Jaxon stood there pondering for a few moments. Joe not coming along didn’t really change too much for his own goals at the moment. Perhaps it would even be beneficial to do some training on his own, or perhaps he could go do quests with the others. Oops, he realized that he might have been standing there staring at Joe without blinking for a bit too long. “I see. Well, I’m sure I can find something to do. Perhaps the others will–”
“Right, the others!” Joe slapped his palm to his head. Strange child. When had that become a thing? Facepalming? Why would you hit yourself? “They were going to join the expedition to the Wolfman lands and finish crushing their society. If you wanted to catch up, there is a second wave of guild members and armies heading out soonish.”
Jaxon shook his head in the negative. “I have no interest in tracking down creatures that have lost their protectors. Their society is already dead. I saw the quest reward. It seems a little dark that the game is going to be giving rewards for hunting civilians.”
Joe nodded slowly, a look of discomfort appearing on his face. “I agree, but sadly, no one is listening to me on that count. The others are going; the rewards offered were too good for them to pass up.”
“That’s too bad. I had thought higher of our current team than they seem to deserve at this point.” Jaxon tapped a finger against his lips. What to do next? He had a blinking notification that he had been ignoring. Perhaps that would offer some insight.
Quest gained: Finding a specialization! Congratulations on reaching level ten! Now that you are sufficiently powerful as a general character, it is time to progress into a narrower field and become the best at something! What it will be is up to you. Good luck!
Jaxon had been hoping to rank up, and this war had offered a solid increase of levels for him. He turned on his heel and walked away from Joe, who called something about staying out of trouble. Pah! As if he didn’t know how to take care of himself. Nothing like that youngster’s generation, likely why Joe felt the need to call out advice. Jaxon went over to a small booth in the Hall, sitting in a chair that offered excellent lumbar support and staring at the wall impatiently. A beautiful series of lines began appearing on the wall in front of him, each line representing a path that Jaxon could walk, a way for his class to progress.
Sadly, none of the available options appealed to him: Brawler, Pugilist, various forms of martial art-style classes, non-combat classes… oh look, it mentioned that he could take Joe’s class if Jaxon went and talked to the ‘ritualist’ about it. Huh. For some reason, Jaxon had thought Joe had been keeping his class information under wraps, but right here it was telling him all about how the man is a class trainer. Sighing in light despair, Jaxon stood up and the lovely map of options vanished. All of those paths seemed like a downgrade for him, and he didn’t want to settle for moving backwards. Jaxon decided then and there that he would need to blaze his own trail, create his own path!
Quest updated: Finding a specialization! You have listened to your heart and are following the true path of a Monk. It may be a lonely road, but self-discovery always is! Optional requirement offered: Find a class and specialize without joining a party. Reward: Variable.
Jaxon didn’t need to accept the quest, but it did automatically remove him from his current party. He supposed that was helpful, else he would have automatically failed the quest! Skipping out of the Hall past a few frightened youngsters, Jaxon sang into the open air, “Time to get prepared for a journey! Yipee!”
Chapter Three
Jaxon was standing next to his collapsible table, staring and smiling at the people passing by him. He was hoping to entice them with the powerful buffs he could offer because he really needed to outfit himself with food, drink, and equipment before leaving on his walkabout. If he were extra sneaky, he could go to the bank and make a withdrawal, but…
Warrant for your arrest in Ardania. Time remaining: 92:16.
Jaxon grumbled about the false charges brought against him, but at least he could go back to the city in about four days. If those random people hadn’t wanted help, why had they asked for it? Then! Then! To call the guards when Jaxon simply requested the payment he was due? Scandalous!
“Excuse me? I see that you are offering buffs. Is that accurate?” An overly muscular Warrior was looming over Jaxon, arms crossed and sporting a dark glare. “I’d like the buff at a discount.”
Intimidation ineffectual! Your skill is a full rank higher!
Oh? Mr. Mohawk was trying to become friends with him! Jaxon thought that was sweet, but there was no need for this guy to use a skill; he could just ask! Jaxon smiled cheerfully and began limbering up his hands with his standard exercises.
“Can’t offer a discount; the prices are fixed by the national health board! If I offered you a discount, legally, I would need to offer the same discount to anyone who wanted it.” Jaxon knew that the laws of his country most likely didn’t apply in game, but this random fighter shouldn’t. “Armor off, hop on the table!”
The Warrior stared at him a bit longer, and Jaxon got a few more ‘failed intimidation’ notifications. Finally, the unknown man sighed and took off the bulky armor he was wearing, moving to lie face down on the table. “You’re pretty good. First time my skill didn’t work.”
“No worries there, new friend! I understand very well how useful intimidation can be.” Oops! Jaxon had forgotten that by saying the skill name aloud, it shifted to an active version. Now this poor Warrior was as stiff as a board. Jaxon quickly decided to offer some free acupuncture as penance. “I can help with this. Hold still while I stab you. Whoops, didn’t mean to activate the skill again! Ha-ha! I swear, it goes off for just no reason at all!”
The Warrior was about to roll off the table, but Jaxon’s needles expertly jabbing into his neck and back forcibly relaxed his muscles. Perfect! Now it should be easy to work his adjustments. The Warrior was saying something into the table, but his position precluded Jaxon from understanding what it was. The Chiropractor pulled on the man’s arms, pushed on his back, twisted his chin from side to side, then worked over his legs. That should do it for a basic buff package! Jaxon removed the needles, then offered him a glass of water as he sat upright. People tended to be thirsty after a proper adjustment.
“Whoa!” The Warrior took a swing at him! Jaxon took a rapid step backward and prepared to defend himself. “What is going on here? Are you unhappy with the buff you just received?”
“You son of…” The furious man trailed off, and his eyes glazed over; obviously, he was looking at the buff. “What in the world? That’s… that’s ten percent higher strength and dexterity!”
“Well, yes, your joints were locked pretty heavily there. I’m unsurprised that you had such a beneficial experience, but I’d like an apology and additional payment for the unsolicited assault!” Jaxon was off-put by his client’s strangely shifting attitude. The Warrior scratched behind his ear, blushed, then handed over the amount Jaxon had requested plus a generous tip. “Thank you for your business! Come again!”
“You know what?” the Warrior muttered while re-equipping his armor. “I think I actually will come back.”
After that little debacle, Jaxon had a steady stream of people coming to his table. While most of them let loose unflattering insults, they all paid and muttered that they would do it again. What an oddly unappreciative group! As the afternoon wore on toward evening, Jaxon closed down his ‘shop’. He had earned enough—he hoped—for everything he would need. Jaxon collapsed his table, folding it over and over again until it fit into his bag. Sometimes it was nice to be reminded that he was in a game world.
No skill increases arrived from his day of work, but that was expected. Jaxon wasn’t doing anything new or novel, so why would he be rewarded for doing it? Deciding to make it an early night, he went over to the temporary campsite that his guild had set up, rented a bedroll, and proceeded to sleep soundly through the night.
The following morning, Jaxon awoke to a commotion. The various guilds and the army had formed up and begun marching toward Wolfman territory. Well, shoot. There went the majority of his potential clients. Who else could he offer to help? Jaxon ate a light breakfast and wandered over to the Pathfinder’s Hall. Glancing around, he found his next targets. “Look! Over there! Damaged people!”
Jaxon raced over to a group of ragtag individuals that had somehow gotten injured between the war and this morning. Jaxon zeroed in on a man who was whimpering, his arms and legs pointed in directions they should not be. “Hello there, broken man. Would you like me to set those bones for you?”
“Are you a doctor?” The man was in pain, and the wait time to see even a medic here was quite long.
“You know what, I actually am a doctor!” This is something Jaxon would never lie about; he could dust off his degree as a chiropractor if he needed to verify it. The Monk was sure he could get it uploaded. “There is a cost associated with this work. Would you like to start right away?”
“Yes, please!” The injured man gasped as his excitement at skipping the line made him jolt his arms accidentally. His legs were in worse condition, though. Had he fallen off a cliff or been wailed on by some monster?
“Done!” Jaxon announced a few minutes later, ignoring the screams of pain resounding through the area. Was it his fault there was no available pain medication? “Those should heal straight and proper! If you have a healing potion, I recommend drinking it; that should get you going again! If you don’t have one available, I do have a spare that I’ll be happy to sell to you for a slight upcharge. I’ll need to go get another one, so the premium is justified.”
It didn’t seem that the man had a potion, and no one else was offering, so Jaxon pulled his out and had him drink it down. Jaxon gave it ten seconds to take effect, then motioned for the man to try moving his arms. “All better? Excellent, the total bill will be–”
“Are you kidding me? You just tortured me! Why would I pay you for that?” The man finished his sentence by screaming, though the Monk was not sure how he managed it. From the abuse this person put his vocal cords through while Jaxon set his bones, he really should have lost his voice by… oh right, the healing potion.
“Well, you did agree to pay me. The work is complete, you are healed, so if you refuse payment at this point, I will need to undo the work that I have done—including extra for the potion, naturally.” Jaxon was sick of people’s attitudes! Why shouldn’t he be paid for healing this man? He would have languished here in pain for hours without the Monk’s help!
“I… I…! Fine!” The man threw a few coins at Jaxon as hard as he could. Thankfully, his arms were still sore, or he may have even hurt the Monk with the rapidly moving metal. This kind of attack was entirely unwarranted and uncalled for, and Jaxon growled a low threat at the man.
Skill increase: Intimidation (Journeyman III).
This skill was silly. It increases for just… no reason at all. Jaxon thanked the man for his patronage and moved down the line. For some reason, the other people were insistent upon waiting for the healers. Perhaps their rates were lower than his?
“You there!” Jaxon heard a voice rasp at him.
He turned around to see a guild officer staring at him, several Warriors accompanying them. “Oh? Are officers still around? I thought the guild had mobilized? Are you here for some chiropractic care? I suppose I could give a group discount; that one would be easy enough to explain if needed.”
“That is unnecessary! Maggot, you are speaking to a guild officer! Atten-tion!” The man barked the order gleefully. His expectant look faded after a moment when Jaxon stared at him without moving anything but his fingers. “Ah. Aren’t you part of the Wanderer’s Guild? This is easier then. Grab him–”
“I’m part of the guild. Why do you ask?” Were they here to give him a medal? They seemed like the kind of people that would put a lot of importance on shiny bits of metal.
“Then why aren’t you responding properly?” The man’s brow furrowed. “What squad are you in? Squad name. Now.”
“Oh boy, that’s a head scratcher right there. It… name… hmm. I think we are the Special Forces or something similar? I heard us called the Hail-Mary squad by Aten?” The look the man gave him was… unamused, to put it lightly. “Does that help at all?”
The Officer’s mouth did that strange out-of-sync thing. “We’re going to march you out into the woods and cut you open. If we see you back here before the main forces of the guild are back, we’ll keep doing it. You need to leave the area until Aten is able to return and control you properly.”
That was some serious hostility! Jaxon thought ‘intimidate’ and activated his skill, deciding to use this man’s words against him. “You dare threaten me in front of a crowd? Who do you think you are, maggot?”
Swords and various weaponry appeared in the hands of the entire group, and Jaxon knew that they were getting serious. Currently, they were pale and shaking, but to their credit, their weapons were pointed unerringly at him. “Y-you… you’d better get out of here!”
“I have business to attend to. I’ll be leaving as soon as I’ve met with a merchant, and outfitted myself for–”
“The merchants are gone!” His voice cracked! Jaxon did his best not to laugh at what was apparently a teen playing at being a powerful man.
“Ha! Where’s the fire and condescension that was in your voice a few minutes ago, brat?” Jaxon showed some teeth in his smile as the young man figured out what to say next.
“You get out of here, or we’re going to–”
“Oh, just stop. You aren’t going to do anything to me. I could walk through all of you without breaking a sweat. What are you, twelve? How are you shaking so badly against a mere human when you had Wolfmen attacking you two days ago?” Jaxon tried to lock eyes with everyone in the group facing him. “I think you need an adjustment to your willpower, and I’m offering my services right here and now. Be better than your base nature! Be strong, and work to bring glory to the guild and yourselves!”
The only response to his words was a firming of faces, a tighter grip on weapons, and a step forward in preparation to attack. Good. They were able to grow in the face of adversity. Even though Jaxon really believed that these people still needed to ask permission to go to the bathroom in real life, at least right now they were acting like adults. “Excellent reactions, it looks like I properly adjusted your attitudes. Guess I’ll be off then. See you all in a week or so!”
“As if we’d just trust that you’ll actually leave.” The leader disdainfully snorted at him.
“I am disturbed by your lack of faith,” Jaxon rebutted in a deep tone.
“Men, form up. We’ll escort this torturer out of our territory!”
The small unit stepped forward together, responding with a resounding, “Sir!”
Chapter Four
“While I am thankful for all the assistance in getting out of town so swiftly, I do hope that you aren't going to be trying anything foolish today.” Jaxon looked around the grim faces of his guild members, noting that they didn’t look like they would be reasonable. Jaxon prepared to fight them… no! He prepared to destroy them.
“Men! Retreat!” The people backed away from Jaxon, spears still leveled at his heart. When they were a dozen paces away, they turned and marched off. One yelled back to him, “You’d better stay gone!”
“Stay gone? Did he mean stay away? Why are they so nervous? Is there a monster around here or something?” Jaxon looked around the area with interest. If there was a monster around, it might have a unique bone structure! Maybe he’d take a look around before heading off on his ambiguously phrased quest. Jaxon turned in a circle and tried to pick the best direction. Nothing looked good, so he decided to leave it up to luck. Jaxon spun around, throwing his hand out and pointing as he came to a stop. That way it is!
Jaxon started skipping into the forest, kicking hard to add as much height to his skipping as possible. This burned through three points of stamina per skip but also propelled him a meter and a half each bounce. He’d say that it was more efficient than walking, but sadly, it simply wasn’t true. Walking didn’t drain stamina; on the other hand, it didn’t increase his jump skill at all either. For Jaxon, it was far more important to increase his skills then it was to be conservative about stamina! Not only that, but with over five hundred points of stamina—not to mention his regeneration rate—Jaxon could keep this pace up for hours.
Monsters, monsters, monsters. Where would they be hiding in the forest? If this was reality, they would have either run away from the gigantic blast coming from the town the other day or they would have been lured in to face whatever was making the noise. Jaxon had explored this area fairly well with his team, and until they got into Wolfman lands, they had very few issues. Actually, as long as Jaxon didn’t see any bears, he did not think there was anything around here that could give him significant trouble. Then again, if his sense of direction was correct, continuing along this path would put him in range of the Wolfman Scouts. Should he turn? Should he take a different route?
*Crack*!
Oh? Something trying to sneak up on him? Drat… Jaxon’s perception was too low to see what was going on in the dense underbrush. It was unfortunate since Jaxon would have to charge into the thorny bushes that lined the road if he wanted to find what was making the noise. That could leave him vulnerable, put him in a bad position, or possibly drop him directly into an ambush. Ah well, no help for it. Jaxon decided he just needed to man up and dive headfirst into trouble. He skipped into the thick brush, leaving the beaten path behind. The quiet sounds that Jaxon had been hearing became far louder as whatever it was… ran away? Well, now Jaxon needed to follow.
The Monk trailed the disturbance for a few minutes, the sounds ahead of him becoming more frantic by the second. It was strange that this much noise was being made; Jaxon really thought that something living in the forest would have better stealth capabilities. He was on guard but was still startled by bursting through the underbrush and into a clearing at full skipping speed. He ground to a halt as he noticed a ball of fur sprinting toward a group of… Wolfmen?
“Whoops, it seems I’ve stumbled into something I shouldn’t have.” Jaxon prepared to turn and run for help, especially seeing that dozens of claws and a few actual weapons were leveled at him. Snarling words were passed between the leader and…
“Puppies!” Jaxon joyfully called as he flipped around and charged the group, reaching out an excited hand to pet the adorable little ball of floof. Jaxon pulled back his fingers as a massive paw ripped through the air where his appendage was moving. “Now that I think about it… puppies. That… that isn’t a thing, is it?”
Jaxon looked around at the different forms, realizing what was actually going on, why it had been so easy to dodge the attack from the defending Wolfman. His face firmed up as he saw the sorry state of those around him. These weren’t combatants. If anything, these were refugees running from the armies rolling through their lands. This group was entirely women and children or whatever the proper nomenclature was for their race.
There was tension showing in the faces around him, and they were obviously expecting him to attack. Sad. Jaxon raised his hands, palm up, and they tensed further. Hmm. Perhaps they thought Jaxon was a Mage. How do dogs show that they don’t want to fight without showing submission…? Ah yes. Jaxon dropped his hands and raised his chin, showing his bare neck. The group in front of him relaxed incrementally, and Jaxon received a notification.
Skill gained: Wolfman Language (Spoken/body) (1/10). You have learned the bare-bone basics of the Wolfman language! As this is a basic racial language skill, there are only ten levels available, unlike the typical ranking. Skill points cannot be devoted to this skill; it must be increased through study and practice.
Title gained: Linguist. By intuiting the body language of Wolfmen during a chance encounter and not through study, you have learned how to ascertain body language and speech patterns! +20% speed in learning all spoken or body languages.
That was a nice little bonus. It would also help with his profession if Jaxon could see which Wolfmen were showing signs of fatigue or back pain. It would be even easier if they could just tell him! Now… it seemed the Wolfmen were edging away from him. Right, Jaxon supposed that he had been standing there smiling and staring at a tribe of noncombatants for almost a full minute. He had been too deeply invested in looking over all of his notifications and thinking about their implications and uses.
Enunciating clearly and loudly, Jaxon stepped away from them, “I am Jaxon! I am so sorry to have scared you! Jaxon go now! You go be safe! Raise many adorable puppies! Bye-bye now!”
There was snarling and vaguely threatening motions, but nothing came after him as Jaxon backed away. He was betting that the Wolfmen were wondering whether to pursue him, perhaps concerned that Jaxon was simply running off to gather reinforcements. Nonetheless, as he walked away, he was left alone. Jaxon soon returned to skipping, crashing through the forest in an attempt to find the beaten path once more. He was definitely lost, though, and paused in his movements to try and get his bearings. As he did so, an arrow slammed into a tree Jaxon should have been passing, sending bark and slivers of wood flying from the impact site.
Luck +1.
Well, that was beneficial at least. Seven more of those and Jaxon would become twice as lucky as a normal person! What was actually concerning to him at this point was not the fact that an arrow hit the tree he should have been passing by; what worried him was that it did not come from the direction of the Wolfman but from deeper in the forest.
An archer popped into existence about ten feet in front of him, holding up his hands. “Whoa, so sorry about that! All I saw was a brown something hopping through the forest! I really thought you were a deer, promise, dude!”
Jaxon looked down at his brown robe, thinking about what the archer was saying. The explanation made sense, so he smiled at the archer, who took a step back after seeing the radiant crescent. “Not an issue, bow-using new friend! Just out for a hunt?”
“Wow, that’s… that’s some smile you have there… friend. No, I’m actually looking for my party. They split off from the various armies after finding some Wolfman tracks in the area. I told them not to bother, but here we are, lost and separated in the woods. They really want the bounty for hunting down the Beastmen.” The archer was smiling for real now, but Jaxon could feel his own expression slipping. The puppies!
“I don’t suppose you would turn around and leave if I asked you to do so?” Jaxon’s voice came out sounding much harsher than he had been hoping for. The Monk was nearly positive that some intimidation must have leaked through because the man frowned and vanished. “Darn my low perception! He could be right in front of me, and I’d never be able to tell! No, no, no! This is bad! The puppies!”
Jaxon fretfully pulled at his hair. No real choice here! He turned around and began crashing through the forest as fast as he could move, his extraordinary dexterity allowing him to avoid tree limbs, roots, and catch his balance anytime he should have fallen. Jaxon returned to the Wolfmen in record time, arriving just as first blood was drawn by human adventurers.
Chapter Five
“Stop right there!” Jaxon shouted with all the force he could muster, pumping so much intimidation into his voice that he actually burned through fifty points of stamina. Jaxon had no idea that he could enhance intimidation like that! This required further research! His voice seemed to shake the air itself, and everyone in the local area froze… momentarily.
The armored man standing above a whimpering Wolfman female looked at Jaxon with annoyance written large on his face. “This is our bounty, freak! Get out of here before we send you to respawn!”
Jaxon couldn’t believe what he was hearing right now. “Are you out of your minds? Look around! These are civilians! These are women and children! How can you attack them?”
“Easy, you aim a little lower and don’t use as much force! That way you can save your energy for the fighters!” A man twirling knives stepped forward with a laugh, raising his blade. Jaxon darted forward as the dagger stabbed down at a puppy, poking the attacker’s elbow three times in quick succession. On the third poke, a small needle extended and retracted from Jaxon’s glove. The penetration should have gotten him right in the tendon and funny bone, but from the resounding scream, Jaxon doubted it felt ‘funny’ at all.
The armored fighter rushed Jaxon with a roar, as did two other members of the group. Mr. Rogue was still clutching his arm but seemed to find that anger was the solution to his problems, so he reached for a throwing dagger. Jaxon countered by activating Adjust before dodging the sword coming his way. Thirty points of damage rocked the Rogue as his elbow twisted, and the dagger he had been preparing to throw instead fell to the ground and stuck into the dirt. Jaxon risked himself for a moment to try and understand the group he was looking at. As far as he could tell, it seemed like this was a fairly standard group: two melee fighters, a Rogue, an archer that was thankfully not here, and what appeared to be a low-leveled Mage. Perhaps some form of combat buffer?
Either way, the tactics for fighting a group like this alone were very clear: don’t do it. They were used to working together and protecting their team, so the only way to win this would be to follow the standard practice of taking down the squishies. To get at the Mage-looking fellow, Jaxon needed to get past the Warrior-tank man and what appeared to be a lumberjack. Not sure why he used an axe like that or what merchant was making flannel in this world, but it was a good look. Jaxon wondered if he could find a flannel Monk’s robe, and his distraction almost cost him dearly.
A sword point was whistling through the air towards Jaxon’s eye, the Warrior behind it obviously expecting an easy kill when Jaxon didn’t move as swiftly as he had been. Jaxon leaned back and threw a couple needles at the Warrior, making him sputter and block his face with his hands. He nearly dropped his sword as well, but Jaxon didn’t use the opening. Instead, he used the distraction of the Warrior blocking his own sight to slip around and kick him in the back of his knee, at the same time pulling down on the back collar of his breastplate. The Warrior toppled to the ground as Jaxon bent sideways to avoid the swing of an axe.
“Where were you when we were in the stupid instant dungeon?” Jaxon shouted at the lumberjack, spittle flying. “The enemies were trees! Lumber men! Trees!”
Jaxon’s sudden fury made the fighter stumble backward and raise his axe defensively. Exactly as planned. Jaxon ducked and spun, using the motion to arrive in front of the magic man hiding at the back of the group. Three full-force punches into a magical neck, which included an extending needle, ensured that there would not be any spells flying around. As long as the Mage needed to speak to cast, Jaxon should be fine to leave him alone, especially since the angry, stabby person was closing in on him from behind. As a knife came at his spine, Jaxon stepped to the side and let the blade swing past him. Jaxon grabbed the extended arm, twisting and throwing the Rogue over himself to land heavily on the ground.
“Stop!” Why was that voice familiar? Oh, drat. The Archer had arrived. “If you keep attacking, I’ll take you down!”
“I wasn’t attacking. I was stopping them from killing puppies!” Jaxon explained with his hands in the air. The humans were getting to their feet in various stages of pain, and magic man was violently coughing up blood. At least he could breathe; Jaxon had been worried that he had crushed the Mage’s windpipe.
“Guys…?” The archer’s voice wavered a little as he took in the scene: wounded Wolfman females, the cowering puppies, blood dripping down a sword without a wound being visible on Jaxon. “You guys didn’t, did you…?”
“Come on, man! They’re just computer programs. They aren’t real! You know what is real? The money we get for their bounties!”
“How much?” Jaxon asked seriously, even as the Rogue was ‘sneakily’ trying to get behind him.
“What?”
“This Warrior doesn’t seem to have many points in intelligence.” Oops. Jaxon had accidentally said that thought out loud.
“Let me try again. How much money would you get for their bounties?” Jaxon patiently awaited the answer as the group counted the Wolfmen.
“A half silver a head at a minimum,” the Warrior said aloud, finishing his slow counting. “This would net us forty silver, easy. Doesn’t matter to the quest that more than half are small, a bunch of them have metal earrings so they’d go for more.”
“Tell you what.” Jaxon fished a gold coin out of his bag. It may have been a blessing in disguise that he hadn’t been able to get to the bank. “I’ll give you this if you promise to leave them alone.”
The group was eying the gold coin but seemed hesitant to accept. Well, that was the carrot, time for the stick. “Or you can fight me again, then attack the very large people over there who will be fighting to protect their young. All on the off chance of making half this amount of money without losing experience.”
Jaxon waved the coin around in an attempt to hypnotize them, but no skill popped up so he must have been doing it wrong. The archer spoke for the group, at least Jaxon hoped he did, “We’ll take it. Come on, guys. This is stupid. Do you really want to kill puppies? Even if they are just virtual? Game or reality, I don’t care where you do it, that’s some sick stuff.”
“Fine, fine!” the Warrior grumbled even as the Rogue snarled at this outcome. Jaxon thought the Rogue wanted to stab him just for fun at this point. The armored brute held out his hand for the coin, and it landed in his palm with a *clink*.
“A pleasure doing business with you, gentlemen!” Jaxon called as they gathered together and walked off. The Mage, still coughing, made an entirely unnecessary and overtly rude gesture as they vanished into the foliage.
Well, that was enough of that. Jaxon looked over at the Wolfmen, who were watching him warily as they tended to their damaged member. Jaxon decided to wait until they were up to full capacity before leaving; he’d hate for someone to attack them right now. When everyone was on their feet and the beastly people seemed to be getting ready to start moving again, Jaxon waved, turned, and started walking away. To his surprise, a guttural voice called out to him.
“Wait, human.”
Chapter Six
“You speak the human language very well for someone with a flat tongue!” Jaxon complimented the ancient lady walking toward him. He smiled at her, and she bared her teeth at him in return. “You have a lovely smile!”
“A what? Showing your teeth is a sign of aggression. I was returning your threat in kind!” She snarled slightly every time she hit an ‘R’ with her words.
“I see! With humans, especially me, showing your teeth like this is a sign of friendship and being polite or courteous.” Plus, it was fully an unbreakable habit now; it would take years of conditioning for him to change his ways. “What can I help you with?”
She paused for a second, thinking through his words and pondering her own. “I need to thank you for your assistance.”
“I was not seeking a reward, thank you. I also doubt that you have anything that would interest me, as I am not overly concerned with possessions and have no real way to transport them in any case. So, thank you, but no thank you.” As his words left his mouth, the sound of thunder rolled through the area.
The ancient female squinted at him. “I don’t think you understand. We need to reward you for your help, or we will suffer the outcome that you saved us from. Is that what you want? To have saved us only to leave us to our previous fate?”
“Obviously not… but…” Jaxon hesitated. They had nothing with them that he could see, and Jaxon would feel like he was taking advantage of them if he took anything. He may be considered a bad person by some, but this was not a line he felt willing to cross.
“Travel with us for a day,” the crone demanded. “Knowledge can be a burden, but it can also be a wonderful reward. You seem to be in need of both, and… possibly in need of direction? I could see that you understood the rudiments of proper speech. I could teach you more, enough not to be attacked at least. Do you have anywhere else you need to be, or is this something that interests you?”
“I am…” Jaxon had nothing else going on, no real quests, and no idea what he should be doing. Being exiled from all the human settlements really narrowed down your options for information gathering. His next words came out slower than he usually preferred, since he liked to exchange knowledge quickly, “I suppose… I can do that.”
“Then let’s get started.” She turned and barked at the others, and they got moving once more. She stared at a very young, very fluffy Wolfman, who cowered away. Satisfied that he wouldn’t run off again, she turned back to Jaxon. “What is your name?”
“Jaxon,” the Monk replied brightly, extending a hand automatically.
She looked at it, then his face, and smacked the proffered hand away. “No. Bad Jaxon! Casual touch is reserved for lovers or family members. If you must touch someone, it must inflict pain no matter any reasoning you have for doing it.”
Jaxon’s eyes went wide, and a smile blazed across his face. “Really? Really? That is excellent news!”
“You are… a strange human. Never before has that been heard, understood, and gladly accepted.” The crone growled deep in her throat; perhaps that was their way of saying ‘humph’? She’s a curmudgeon! Perfect, Jaxon knew there was a reason they were getting along so famously. “Now, let’s get on to speech patterns and the proper way to hold your body. When you are speaking to someone of a higher caste, you must hunch your shoulders like this and–”
“No can do! Lose my perfect form, high shoulders, and straight back just to speak to someone?” Jaxon was aghast at this suggestion, especially when they had no one available to fix the long-term issues this caused their society.
She snarled at his interruption, causing a few of the nearby people to jump away. “Insolent little whelp! Don’t take the advice if you don’t want it, but at least learn what I have to teach you! Close your mouth and listen.”
This was how Jaxon passed the next full day as they trudged slowly through the forest, avoiding roads, paths, and anything that might be traveled by other humans seeking them. Jaxon slept soundly and without snoring, which was commented on favorably by the others when he woke up. Apparently, the louder you snored, the lower your caste. Jaxon simply shook his head with a grunt; the snoring was actually likely due to their terrible posture and snouts. Mix the physical aspect together with the lower castes who need to hunch down extra small, and you get horrendous snoring. At least, that’s what Jaxon assumed.
As their time to part approached later that afternoon, Jaxon looked over the final gains from his travel with these surprisingly pleasant people.
Skill increase: Wolfman Language (Spoken/body) (3/10). You have learned the basics of the Wolfman language and can now speak enough common phrases to have your intentions understood.
Not a huge increase, but Jaxon highly doubted that he would have ever been able to intuit the words and postures needed in order to get to this level of understanding. Their time together ran out just as the group was reaching a crossroads. How very fitting. The crone came over to him as Jaxon was speaking to the puppies. He was being very careful not to touch them, no matter how badly he wanted to pet them. They were at about the same level of linguistic skill as he was, which is why Jaxon had been assigned to practice with them for most of the day. The silver-furred female watched for a moment, flicked her ears in a sign of approval, and motioned him over. “I have not been fully honest with you, human.”
“Ah. Is this the sudden yet inevitable betrayal? I’m about to be attacked?” Jaxon looked around, but if the enemies were stealthy at all, he already knew he wouldn’t stand a chance.
“No, nothing like that.” She hesitated and seemed to be casting around for words. “I did pay you for services rendered, but I was also using you as an additional guard during our travels. I knew that you wouldn’t let anything happen to the litters, no matter what your personal feelings were at the time, and I used that. My debt has grown instead of shrank, but I feel that I have something that can balance the scales.”
“I really didn’t mind–” Thunder shattered the air again. Sheesh. Why was he not allowed to help? “It’s my choice to help, game! Don’t force rewards on me!” Thunder again, this time slightly more ominous and grumbling.
“Enough of that, please!” The crone was looking around frantically. She pulled a medal out of her bag, and it flared silver as she pressed it to his hand. “This is a small token of appreciation and should grant you safe passage through our lands. That is not the reward, for as I told you before, knowledge is often much better.”
Item gained: Token of Appreciation (Wolfman). By wearing this token, your reputation with Wolfmen will be set to neutral. This will allow you a chance to make a case for survival when they would otherwise attack on sight. After removing this token, any positive gains will be added to your actual reputation. Re-equipping will reset your reputation to neutral, though any grievances will still be held against you.
“Now, here is the information that I truly hope will be helpful.” She took a snuffling breath through her snout before continuing, “In our lands, there is a temple. This temple is dedicated to nothing and no one. It may even be a dungeon, but it has never been proven. If you make it to the temple, a door will be opened for you, and you will have a chance to prove yourself in combat. The further you advance, the greater the reward you will be able to gain, and I have heard of powerful specializations becoming realized within.”
“I also have a warning for you. While you are within the temple, you must only use skills related to your class, else the rewards will vary wildly. You can also only ever attempt the trial once on your own. If you fail, you fail.” She was breathing heavily at this point and needed to sit down. “Anyone is welcome to attempt the temple, but few ever even arrive at the structure. Be safe, and take our thanks with you.”
Chapter Seven
At least they left Jaxon on a path and pointed him in the right direction. It would have been rather difficult to traverse the forest in an unknown area and find where he should have been going. A temple behind enemy lines… this sounded like a song worthy quest! It was also fitting for a Monk to go to a temple to increase in power, and for some reason, Jaxon felt that this was the absolute correct decision. He supposed that the quest had told him to follow his heart, and he thought that was what he was doing. After all, the heart is in the front of the body, and he was constantly moving forward.
