
*****************************************************
*****************************************************
Your ebook has decrypted.
The TXT file just save 20% of ebook content.
Please register the software, then get all contents and the valid ebook format.
*****************************************************
*****************************************************


    Ruthless
The Completionist Chronicles Book Five
Dakota Krout
Copyright © 2020 by Dakota Krout
All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems, without written permission from the publisher, except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, businesses, companies, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Contents
Acknowledgments
Newsletter
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Chapter 50
Chapter 51
Chapter 52
Chapter 53
Chapter 54
Chapter 55
Chapter 56
Chapter 57
Chapter 58
Epilogue
Afterword
About Dakota Krout
About Mountaindale Press
Mountaindale Press Titles
Acknowledgments
I’d like to thank my readers for their unceasing support. At the time that this book is going out, there is a global pandemic that is keeping a large portion of the world in lockdown. Knowing that you are supporting me helps me to push harder to complete my projects. I hope that my words can bring you joy and entertainment.
To my Patreons who are supporting me directly, thank you all so much! Especially to Justin Williams, Samuel Landrie, William Merrick, John Grover, Kyle J Smith, Dominic Q Roddan, Mark R, Carrie Crumsey, Arthur Gschwind, Phil the Strange, Chioke Nelson, and Mike Hernandez. I will drink a large pot of coffee in your honor!
The completion of this novel would not have been possible without my lovely wife, PhD Danielle Krout, CEO of Mountaindale Press. Thank you for all the work you do, not only in making things happen, but in giving me a daily reminder of what matters most in life.
Newsletter
Don’t miss out on future releases! Sign up for my newsletter to stay up to date. And as always, thank you for your support! You are the reason I’m able to bring these stories to life.
Prologue
Zone Alert: To the Unified Race, Humans, congratulations on your achievements this far! As of this moment, the path to the next Zone has been opened. The entrance to the Bifrost is located on the Eastern edge of this Zone.
The current Zone has earned the designation ‘Midgard’, the abode of mankind. If all else fails on other Zones, Midgard will welcome your return.
Take heed! Use of the Bifrost means stepping into an energetic field. If you have not achieved a second Specialization, also known as a Third Tier Class, there is a near-certainty that you will not survive the use of this mode of transportation.
A small group of well-armored humans stood next to a beam of colorful light that rose as a column into the sky. The largest of them, clearly a tank, nodded and strode forward. “I don't know about you guys, but I’m ready to taste the rainbow.”
“Seriously, Sponge?” An archer-type shook his head. “It literally opened three hours ago, and it tells us that we’ll die if we use it!”
Sponge grinned at the archer. “Nah, it said there is a near certainty of death. I’m level eighteen, and I have fourth-tier constitution. If anyone can survive this, it’s me.”
“Why is one hundred and fifty-five constitution tier four?” A fighter questioned him, stepping into the light. “Ooh. That tickles.”
“Right? It’s the fourth threshold, that’s why! Ten, fifty, a hundred, then one-fifty points in a single stat. Tier four. That’s as high as it goes in this Zone, so it's time to move on,” Sponge stated knowingly. “C’mon, guys. Even if we don't survive the trip, I bet we get a title for being the first to use it!”
That argument was more persuasive than anyone wanted to admit, and after a few reluctant moments, the rest of the group was standing in the crackling rainbow. “Alright… you guys seeing the same options? I see ‘Zone Two, unification unresolved’. Go for ‘group transport’?”
There were a few muttered replies, but the overall tone was agreement. Sponge pressed ‘activate’, and the group vanished, leaving behind a puff of smoke that smelled of burnt hair.
The five screamed as they shot through space at speeds they could barely comprehend. Sponge looked down and saw Midgard vanishing into the distance, and was shocked to find that the entire Zone was a single massive disk. That didn't seem possible… but he supposed that they weren't on Earth anymore.
A sound like popcorn popping came from his right, and Sponge turned to find that the group’s Assassin had vanished. He scooped up the dagger that had continued flying in the light, determined to return the loot to his fallen teammate. “How’s everyone else doing?”
*Pop*.
There went their combat medic. Uh-oh. Sponge was starting to feel… queasy. The light of the stars darkened for a moment, and he turned his attention upward. There was something blocking the… the new Zone! He continued rocketing onward, travelling up the static-charged rainbow; the Bifrost. Odd… there was something different about this Zone.
*Pop*.
Another teammate gone. It took Sponge a long moment to figure out what he was seeing. By the time the truth dawned on him, he was at the top of the overly energetic rainbow, and he began to descend.
*Pop*.
Now it was only him remaining.
He was looking down at a landmass that was twice the size as the first Zone, but that was not what had been messing with his head. The fact was, there were two disks that had converged upon each other. They were rotating, and it was clear even from this height that there was a war raging wherever the disks touched. But from here, it was just an amazing lightshow. At least, it was just a fun show until a small asteroid tore past him, following a beacon of light toward the distant Zone. “Now we’re talking! That’s a power level I haven’t seen before.”
Sponge kept dropping, and found that it was getting harder and harder to breathe. That… that was… “Ow. Oh… ow.”
*Pop*.
A pair of smoking boots landed on the ground near the active combat zone of the two disks, and a long-eared man grimaced at the boots and rainbow in disgust.
“Toads looking at swan flesh… they are a hundred years too early to challenge this Zone. Perhaps that one dying a dog’s death will enlighten others!”
Chapter One
*Boom*.
Joe settled on the ground with the rest of his Coven as the ritual completed, finishing a dense black wall that encircled the core buildings of the Wanderer’s Guild. “Thanks, everyone! I know it was an early morning, but I thought that this was the best way to avoid getting in people’s way.”
Class experience +400!
“Taka, Kirby, Robert, Big_Mo, Hannah, I’m going to go over your suggestions for more Ritualist classers, but please remember that we are making a tight-knit group. We aren't trying to make a sea of people that can do what we do. The more people that come into the class, the more likely it is that we get downgraded in rarity, and then there is less incentive for people that we actually want to join us.”
Hannah nodded at him, grinning at how Joe preempted several incoming questions. They had been bugging him about getting more people involved. Robert waved and walked off with Taka and Kirby, while Big_Mo looked at the wall they had just built. “Whew. Looks kinda sinister, right? I mean… it's a wall, but that looks like something that surrounds an evil lair or terrifying dungeon, not a Noble Guild.”
“To be fair, it is a wall that used to surround a terrifying dungeon,” Joe pointed out. They watched for a few minutes as the guards in the area climbed the wall and took up positions. “Hey, look, Jay gets to get off the ground now. Jaxon is going to miss having easy access.”
“I think he heard you.” Big_Mo nodded at Jay, who nodded vigorously and made a ‘victory’ pose when he saw that he had their attention. “Makes sense to me, though. Jaxon is a little over-exuberant.”
“He just loves what he does; can't fault him for that. The rest is the system messing with him.” Joe laughed as he remembered how Jay got an extra strong dose of Chiropractic Services whenever Jaxon saw him. “Also, Jay might be running, but he can’t hide forever!”
The last bit was shouted up at Jay, who shrugged and mimed stabbing with his spear. The guard then stood perfectly straight and focused on watching the people that were up at this early hour, which looked to be mostly trappers and a few rogues off to pursue dark deeds. Joe rolled his shoulders and started walking. “Alright, Big_Mo, I’m gonna head out. Let me know if you need anything.”
“Doing good, man. Let’s talk about a ritual I’m thinking about after I get about… four more hours of sleep.” Big_Mo walked off toward his bed. “I’ll find you; don’t worry about me.”
“See ya!” Joe moved through the gate of the new wall, getting a once-over by the guards. They seemed to enjoy having a specific area to guard instead of a vague ‘the area’. “Time for a breakfast burrito. Yum yum.”
“Did you see the notification?” Jess shouted over to Joe as soon as he came around the corner toward the coffee shop. The acoustics were excellent in the area, and most people were just getting going, so her raised voice made a few people dive for cover.
“Jess, it is way too early for that.” Joe winced as he looked around at all the weapons that were suddenly in people’s hands. Weeks of combat and preparation for combat made everyone a little paranoid, even with the mind-soothing that everyone was getting from this world. “Of course I saw the notification. Everyone did. That’s the point of a Zone notification. We even had to dismiss it, or it didn't go away. One moment. Coffee. Large. Black. Espresso if you have it. By chance, do you have any burritos?”
Jess watched as Joe ordered his coffee from the suddenly-empty space in front of the coffee shop. As the team’s new logistician, she was always looking for ways to prove herself useful to the group at large, and hadn't found much opportunity recently. Perhaps this was a place that she could help. “You know, Joe… you are getting a bit of a reputation for being dark and mysterious, and not in a good way. You need to boost your public image, or it is going to come back to bite you.”
“What are you even talking about?” Joe started to turn toward her, but the barista on duty handed him a large mug, way ahead of the other people that had already been waiting in line.
“H-h-here you go… Elbow.” The barista gulped as Joe turned dark eyes upon him. Joe was certain that this guy knew his name and was just playing up his role. “P-please come again.”
“Mate. A boost here?” Joe continued staring daggers at the sweating Barista. A dark blob poured down his shoulder and hovered over his coffee before pouring half of its body into the drink. Then it rolled up his arm and flattened, making a black cuff at the end of Joe’s sleeve. Joe took a sip of his drink and nodded at the Barista. “Thanks for this… I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“You see, that is exactly what I’m talking about,” Jess told him as they walked toward a table. “You have a terrible reputation. Everyone thinks you are trying to be all ‘edgy’, but you’re strong and scary, so no one wants to do anything about it. Like tell you, or slap you until you stop. I’m volunteering for that.”
“I have literally no idea what you’re talking about. I was trying to give Mate a rest, but the coffee they gave me was weak.” Joe said over the rim of his cup. “ As for the guild, I have done nothing to the guild and its members except help them, time after time. Look at that!”
Joe pointed at the towering egg-shaped Pathfinder’s Hall. “We get a huge boost to learning skills near that. I also made the Evergrowth Greenhouse—which is the only place that is a sustainable food source—the housing that’s keeping people out of sleeping bags at night, and the wall that just went up to keep monsters away from the doors! People should love me.”
“Right. You made all those things. You also made them in the dark when no one was looking. You need to involve people in things, make a public spectacle of this sort of thing.” Jess leaned forward. “People want to feel useful, Joe. If you give people too much, too fast, they are going to rely on you for things that you can't give them. Like security. Leisure. Power. When you can't do it, or you start needing help in the future, people are going to look at you in a different light really fast.”
Joe shrugged as he sipped his fragrant coffee, responding flippantly, “Perhaps a ribbon cutting ceremony? Cake! People love cake.”
Ignoring his attitude, Jess pressed on. “You need to help people rely on themselves to give them purpose, or you need to involve them in the process now while it is in the beginning stages. If you don't… if you make everyone need you, either you’ll not be able to do anything… or you’ll go too far. At the end of the day, they are going to think that you will do anything to get ahead. They’ll think you’ll leave them behind, that you’re ruthless.”
“I’m being too nice? I’m helping too many people?” Joe shook his head, then drained his mug and stood. “I have work to do, Jess. I know that I can't do everything for everyone, but I’m going to do what I can to make all of our lives better.”
‘I Know Better’ effect activated!
Joe paused as he was storming away and looked at the notification. He replayed his morning in his head, but he didn't know where he had gone wrong. He pulled up the active effects tab of his status, and looked at the effect in question.
Intelligence is two thresholds above Luck! Debuff added: I Know Better. Little Joey would soon learn that he did not, in fact, know better. Effect: 1% chance to make a terrible decision.
“That’s just… what terrible decision did I make?” Joe looked at the four other debuffs that were in place, frustrated that simply focusing on one area had caused him so many problems. He had a five percent chance to decrease reputation by a full rank during conversation, a five percent chance that he would see someone else's plan as a terrible idea beyond redemption, a ten percent chance of not moving when there might be an easier option around, and finally a chance that any actions he did take would be ten percent slower than usual.
The worst part was: he would never be able to realize what was going on. He might not even recognize that he had created an issue, similar to how Jaxon - the low charisma Monk in his team - couldn't recognize that he was making constant social faux pas. The system would make sure they couldn't recognize their mistakes, and that - more than anything - worried Joe. There was no opportunity for growth if you couldn't see the issue in the first place.
Before he could follow his circular logic down into the drain, another voice shook him out of his reverie. “Joe! You seen Jess? We gotta’ get inta the greenhouse if we wanna beat the lines today!”
“Good morning, Bard. Oh, hey, Alexis, Poppy, Jaxon. Wow, the whole gang's here, huh?” Joe looked around at the others, surprised to see everyone out and about this early. “What’s going on with the greenhouse?”
“Morning, Joe. Jess has been keeping tabs on the growth and respawn rate of the food in there.” Alexis explained after covering her mouth to hide a yawn. “Apparently, there’s a good chance that we can get Uncommon or Rare ingredients if we get in there in about ten minutes.”
“Wait, you saw her already, right? She came to get you.” Poppy looked past Joe into the dining area. “Everything okay?”
“Yeah, just… it’s early. Hadn't had my coffee yet.” Joe hedged, not wanting to explain his current sour attitude toward Jess.
“Well, let’s get going.” Alexis saw that Joe was floundering and evidently decided to help him out. “How’s your day so far?”
“Oh… ah, between this wall going up and the work I did getting the Arena set up for the Kingdom, I’m sixty points away from leveling up my class. I can build practically anything and level up. So, pretty pleased with that. Otherwise? Uhh… good, I guess?”
“Great!” Alexis saw Jess and waved her over. The group made their way to the strange star-shaped Greenhouse and walked past the double guards at the entrance without needing to wait in line. The perks of an early-riser.
You have entered the Evergrowth Greenhouse, a building owned by Joe of the Wanderer’s Guild. There is a 70% collection tax imposed on all goods harvested. Caution! There have been reports of Weeds in the area.
“Oh, they figured out the tax system?” Poppy blinked away his notification.
“Yeah. I transferred administrator control over to the guild a while ago. They figured this out yesterday, I think?” Joe waved at the notification that had appeared in the air for all of them. “They had been trying to collect by relying on the honor system, but…”
“Wasn’t working very well?” Poppy smirked at his bald team leader.
“Not at all! I couldn't believe the estimates they were showing me.” Joe rolled his eyes. “For how rare spatial bags and such are supposed to be, a bunch of people sure seem to have them.”
“How does the tax collection work?” Alexis plucked a head of lettuce out of the planter, watching to see if a chunk of it would suddenly go missing. It did, and she had to scramble to catch the suddenly much-reduced vegetable as she stepped out of the doorway. “Ah. Yup, system just takes it.”
Jaxon nodded at the head of lettuce, seemingly still waking up. “What an interesting way to make a chop salad! I wonder if it can do shapes?”
The group delved deeper into the building, which had its own subtle spatial magic. There was far more space on the inside than the exterior would suggest, and the entire greenhouse was filled with a rich, earthy scent. They made it into the last wing of the building when Jess pointed out what she was after. “There! Those are the rare fruit, ‘Floodwater Grapes’! They are apparently really hard to get outside of here, and usually only grow in very specific areas. Super delicious, and a rare ingredient for winemakers! You would never guess it though; they are really prolific here, for some reason.”
Joe gulped when he saw the sheer number of grapes in the area. They had taken over a ten-foot by ten-foot space, and the vines were coated with thick grapes. He started to wonder if he had made a mistake by placing the glass that increased fertility in the growth rack. “Yeah… maybe the soil is just really full of… nitrogen, or something?”
Chapter Two
“Joe!” Mike called out just as Joe was swallowing a grape. The bald man had to pound on his chest to force the grape out of his airway. It landed on the ground with a wet *splat* and deflated like a sad balloon. “You okay there? Sorry about that; I’ve been practicing my stealth.”
“I can see that. It's fine.” Joe managed around a cough. “Hello, Mike. What’s going on?”
“Ah! Yes!” Mike whipped out a paper and handed it over. “We’re finally getting ahead on the layout of new buildings and planning. Here is the layout and the order we are hoping to build the buildings in.”
Joe took the paper and looked over the list of desired construction, wincing as he saw some of the more complex designs. “Hey, I’m really happy to do this, but there are a few things that I am going to need. I recently found out that my skills are less effective when working out issues with pure math, and was informed that being taught properly would make everything work better.”
“What are you trying to say?” Mike gestured impatiently for Joe to make his request.
“I need classes on architecture,” Joe explained easily, getting a furrowed brow in return. “Here is why: I can scan a building, or I can work from existing blueprints. I can scan a building and make alterations to the blueprint, but if I screw up, I won't have a working blueprint anymore. That almost happened with the greenhouse, because I didn’t know what I was doing on a few fronts. Also, I can't make my own blueprints from scratch. If I could, I could fix some of the glaring issues I see with this list.”
“Issues? What do you mean?” Mike looked at the paper Joe held as the problems were explained.
“Here. It might make sense to have cattle and such, and it makes sense to have a butcher. It makes sense to have a tanner as well, which is why I think you want these three buildings to be together, right?” Joe waited until he saw Mike nod. “Right, well, you want these three buildings near housing, so people have easy access to fresh meat, leather armor, and whatnot. But how will the tannery and butcher not stink the place up? How will the cattle not keep everyone awake at night? Also, they stink too, so add that to the first part of the ‘cons’ list.”
“Ah. Perhaps the city planner is still a little too used to Earth, and-”
Joe cut Mike off. “That’s actually perfectly acceptable here. I’ve seen a blacksmith that has a sound-dampening enchantment, and I think that is something I will be able to do as well. Eventually. But if I could get classes in architecture, I could create soundproofing for walls, or filters for the smell. All of this could be added afterwards, of course, but until it was fixed, people would be very unhappy.”
“Hmm. You may have a point.” Mike took a long look at the paper, clearly trying to think through different ways of setting the area up. Finally, he sighed. “Alright. I’ll see what I can do, but you’re going to have to meet me halfway. Since it’s beneficial to your class, I’m gonna ask you to pay-”
“Mike.” Joe gave him a flat look and gestured at the protective outer wall that hadn’t existed the night before. “I haven't asked you for rewards, because we have a deal. Tell you what… you can finish that sentence, or you can repay the fees of the four people in my Coven that work with me on rituals. They get paid per ritual completion.”
“As I was saying, I’ll see what I can do.” Mike winked at Joe and flounced off. This was very out of character for the ex-military man, so it forced a chuckle out of Joe. “I’m glad that Towny McTownface now has a solid fallback location! Thank you, Joe!”
“Glad you’re having a good morning, Mike!” Joe called after the whistling Sub-Commander. Joe looked at the sheet again and grimaced. As far as he could tell, everything listed was set for maximum efficiency… on Earth. In Eternium, there were magical equivalents of things that would allow for the same amount of processes to be done in only two-thirds of the space. That was how millions of humans had lived in a single city before they had Shattered the Wolfmen race. He decided to take a look at who was doing the planning, and if they were actually doing research like they should.
When Joe reached the general hangout area, the mood was far different than it had been only minutes before. Joe looked around, and saw that people were eating and drinking just fine, so he had no idea why things were so grim. He sat next to a stranger and offered a smile. “Hey! What’s got everyone so down? Things haven't been this, uh… depressed… since the notification that Earth was closed to us.”
“You haven’t seen the…?” The man looked up, almost excited to be the one to share the bad news. “It’s pretty fresh news. Guild’s in trouble. Someone posted our location to the message boards, then told everyone that we have unlimited food and supplies that we are hoarding and refusing to share. Clearly a lie, but there are going to be a lot of people that believe it anyway. The thought is that we are going to get swarmed by hungry or angry people soon.”
“Yikes, that must be recent. I just got done talking to the Sub-Commander, and he was in a great mood.” Joe looked off toward the Guild Hall. “Well… I mean, that doesn't really change much for us, does it? I’m sure the guild was prepared for this…?”
“Joe!” Mike came running into the dining area, spotted Joe, then sat down heavily across from him. “Something just happened that we were totally unprepared for! We need you to come-”
“Mike.” Joe leaned forward and banged his forehead on the table as nervous chatter started up all around them. “You have horrible timing.”
A short while later, Joe and the other guild officers were assembled in the Guild Hall. Aten entered the room, and everyone stood from their chairs. Joe followed along a beat later, confused as to why the group was acting so militaristically. He hadn't needed to stand at attention when someone entered the room since his military days.
“At ease,” Aten barked, and everyone sat back down. Joe winced at the blatant attempt to place military practice in place, and he hoped it wasn't going to become a ‘thing’. “We’re in crisis mode. As far as we can tell, either the Nobility, or—more likely—a Noble Guild, has released our location to the general population. They are trying to rabble-rouse, and get us swarmed by low-level people. There is a good chance that there will be others in the mix that are here to steal or sabotage us if there is a large enough gathering. Thoughts on how to handle this?”
The first reply was nearly instantaneous. “Do we know the location of the other Noble Guilds? Let’s make them go public.”
“We don't.” Aten looked around, gesturing for people to start throwing out ideas.
“Can we petition the King-”
“No.” Aten shook his head. “The price of being away from the Kingdom is that we need to solve our own issues, but we don't need to adhere to the strict rules that are in the city.”
“Why doesn't he do something?” Someone pointed at Joe, who raised an eyebrow.
“What would I do?” He blinked around the room, finding that everyone was staring at him. “What?”
“You always seem to have the answer we need!” The same Officer tried to smile, but it looked like it was painted on.
“Alright… uhh… we go find a hornet nest, poke it, and make them really mad…” Joe trailed off as people shook their heads in disgust. “What? What am I going to do against a giant mob of potentially thousands of low-level people? I’m good at making buildings and taking down very large, very slow, single-target creatures! I don’t do anti-personnel!”
“You could…” Someone else started, trailing off after a moment. “You know, I don't actually know what your range of abilities is.”
“Making buildings. Taking down single-target, slow creatures.” Joe spoke in a serious tone while maintaining eye contact. “Everything else is just critical thinking and game logic, guys. C’mon. Some of you were gamers, right?”
Silence filled the tent, and Aten cleared his throat. “Most of the people gathered here were either in the military before this, or were investment bankers that helped fund the Guild at the start.”
“Ah…” Joe realized that he had no idea how the Guild had survived this long. “So… I’m sure you all have some impressive skills in logistics, coordination, and long-term planning. Take this as you will, with all due respect, but seriously, Aten? Get some gamers in here. We need creative solutions to this. Game solutions. Stability is great, but I wouldn't be surprised if our location was leaked because someone decided to run a public relations marketing campaign!”
Hammerwords has taken effect! You have lost a full rank of reputation with someone!
There was some nervous shifting, and Joe noted a few winces. If there hadn't been a marketing plan, there was one that had been about to go out. “Aten, I’m sorry, but you need to take a look at this Guild from a different light. Stable is good, yes. Smart, even. But we need people who will test the limits of what is possible in this new world.”
“I thought that was what you were for.” A snide comment sounded out, though Joe didn’t see where it came from.
“If that’s true, if I am the only one doing this, I need way more resources than I’m getting,” Joe replied calmly, though his blood was boiling. “I also need the authority to make expensive calls, and I need to know what the limits are. Another thing: there’s a good chance that if we start acting like the military, we are going to lose our top guild members. Knock that junk off. Here is how you all need to look at things: the most powerful people in this world are likely going to be min-maxing introverts. They will spend every single day getting better at everything, because this is their dreamworld. Talk to them, get on their good side, and respect them…”
Joe glared in the general direction the snide comment had come from, “Then, when we give you advice, listen carefully to that advice. It's gonna be strange, but that’s game logic. You treat this place like Earth, and all of us are going to fall behind.”
Aten nodded seriously, clearly understanding what Joe was talking about. “Fair point. I’ll ask around, but please make yourself available if we need something from you.”
“That sounds fine, but don't expect me to actively attack a mob of weak, hungry people. I won’t do it,” Joe bluntly told him. “I’ll work on defense, but I’m not taking the fight to them.”
Aten nodded again, and the meeting continued. “I want to talk about setting up large standing stones around town that are numbered. This way, they can be used as a reference for navigation. Since we don’t have street signs…”
Joe supported that plan, and the next, and… by the time the meeting was finally over, he was in a foul mood. He went off to find some lunch and sat with the first person he recognized. “Hey… ah… Crim, right?”
The cleric nodded, his mouth full of sandwich. He swallowed, then spoke, “Hey. Joe, right? Good memory for names.”
“The bright red robes help.” Joe admitted, looking over the other man’s red clothes and hair. “What are you up to today?”
“Mm. Lunch currently, then back to testing out my skills,” Crim told him, excitedly clenching his fists. “I just got to level fifteen. Got a beautiful spell: Wave of Flame. It starts enemies on fire, and sends their allies into a directed rage against opponents. Kinda hard to test out of combat, though.”
Joe sighed and groaned. “Man… can I vent to you really quick? I really have a hard time trusting people with this sort of personal information, but…”
“I mean…” Crim took a big bite of food and waved at his plate. Around the food hanging out of his mouth, he said, “Captive audience, go fer it.”
“Alright. I feel like I’m reaching a point in my growth where I’m running into trouble. Specifically, I’m having issues getting all set up and going with new or interesting spells or skills. I’m getting frustrated, and I’m unsure what to do.”
“Can you elaborate?” Crim quizzed him. Joe couldn't tell if it was because Crim wanted to hear more, or because he wanted to focus on chewing, but either way, Joe decided to go for it.
“Alright… so… I feel like I’m lacking in abilities and ways to go about learning or doing new things. Everyone else seems to be getting all sorts of cool, unique powers and abilities, and I’m over here spending a week at a time learning a new aspect of what I can do.” Joe shrugged helplessly. “I mean, it makes the skill ranks increase really well, but everyone else just gets abilities when they level.”
Crim considered for a moment. “Well, what sort of cleric abilities are you getting? If you are picking things that work together, you’ll have an easier time leveling all of them up.”
“I’ve gotten nothing, man! Everything I do have is basically a skill evolution from level one.” Joe scowled as he thought about his healing skill, Mend, as well as Cleanse. “I keep finding new and interesting ways to apply them, to make them do what I need. You know, great for skill levels… but I was supposed to get Cleric abilities as I leveled, like you are. I guess I messed that up pretty badly somehow.”
Crim slowly chewed his bite, swallowed, then spoke.“Uh… I mean… when was the last time you went to an altar and asked for your skills?”
Joe went as still as stone. Over the next minute, Crim finished his sandwich, then poked Joe hard enough to shake him out of his shock. “Hey. You okay? Did you hear me?”
“Please tell me that you were making a joke.”
“What?” Crim started eating his fried vegetables. “You’ve really never gone and asked for the abilities? Why do you think Clerics are always hanging out at altars and such? For funzies?”
“You’re kidding me.”
Chapter Three
Joe stood in front of the altar of Tatum, glaring through the flickering light at the unassuming book-shaped pedestal. “Alright, Occultatum. I know that you gave me hints in the past that I needed to use what I already had, but I really thought that you were talking about ritual stuff, or my Jumplomancer abilities. Would it have been so hard to say ‘Come and get these abilities’?”
He sighed when there was no answer. There shouldn't be, as Tatum was locked away, but an answer was something that he had come to expect when he was at the altars. Still… this was a class thing, and he should still be able to get his abilities! Joe placed his hands on the book, and said, “Please give me my Cleric abilities.”
Greetings, Champion of Tatum! Your Cleric class level is considered equal to your character level, as you started as a hidden class! As a Cleric, you gain an ability or spell every third level. Calculating… level is fifteen! You are owed an ability from level three, six, nine, twelve, and fifteen!
As you are a Champion, and not a standard Cleric, you get to choose the school that your Cleric abilities come from! As Occultatum is a ‘Neutral’ deity, you can choose ‘neutral’, ‘good’, or ‘evil’ aligned abilities from the school of your choice. Would you like to choose your level three ability? Yes / No.
“Yes; yes, I would.” Joe sighed and watched as the stone book in front of him started to shine. In a moment, several glowing words awaited him. “Alright… Abjuration, conjuration, divination, enchantment, evocation, illusion… necromancy? Finally, transmutation. Any tooltips, help on what these mean? No? Alright… I think I mostly understand them, anyway.”
“I think abjuration is something along the lines of auras or buffs; conjuration means to create something; divination lets you either look at something or tell the future. Enchanting should be as straightforward as putting an effect on something; evocation… is that spells like a Mage would have? Illusion, mess with people; necromancy deals with the dead. Gonna avoid that one. Transmutation means to transform one thing into another.” He stared at the options, then touched Abjuration.
Would you like to select an Abjuration ability? This choice cannot be changed. Yes / No.
“Ah. Don't get to see the options, huh?” Joe thought about it for a long moment, then selected ‘no’. “I need a new way to deal damage. Evocation it is.”
Evocation is the act of calling upon or summoning a spirit, demon, god or other supernatural agent through the power of your will, mana, and potentially various sacrifices. Choose a spell.
Spell options available for evocation: Dark Lightning Strike. Heavenly Lightning Strike. Purge Invisibility. Radiant Ripple (locked). Searing Light. Seething Darkness. Sunshine. Zap.
“Locked? Why is that locked?” Joe touched the spell, and it luckily expanded into a description. “Release a ripple of divine power that damages anything within fifteen feet hostile to either you or your deity. Locked, as your deity has… no divine energy to spare. Well, poo. Yet another reason to finish that quest up.”
“Sunshine is out, only makes things glow. Might be good against vampires, but nah. Zap is a bolt of electricity, seems to be neutral. Mmmkay. No need to get the purge invis, seems pretty specific. Heavenly Bolt… can only be used in a storm? Nah. Searing light or seething darkness? Kinda already have the dark; could I combine that with the light, or would that make them both useless? No… Dark Lightning Strike is the winner here.” Joe looked over the skill description one last time, then accepted it as his spell.
Spell gained: Dark Lightning Strike (Novice I). You raise your hand up towards the sky and issue a request to Occultatum to strike you and your enemies with dark lightning. The sky summons a massive bolt of black lightning to hit anyone within a 5+(n/4) foot radius of you, then spreads out across the ground an additional 10+(n/2) feet where n = skill level. The lightning bolt deals 10n dark damage to all affected beings OR 5n dark damage if impacted by the ground spread. Cost: 100 mana. Cooldown: 360 seconds.
“Yeah… this would have been really handy at level three,” Joe sighed as he read the spell. If he had been using it over the last few weeks, the spell would have been amazing by now. “Ah, well… it’ll get there. At least I am able to work on it now.”
For his sixth level spell, Joe took an abjuration option, and gained ‘Antimagic Aura’. For his ninth, he took an enchanting option; acquiring an intricate knowledge of the enchanting spellform for ‘Zone of Circumlocution’. At twelve, he took a transmutation ability called ‘Corify’. For his final level fifteen choice, Joe took ‘Knowledge (Occultatum Exclusive)’. As he stepped back from the altar, the glow faded and Joe found himself smiling happily. That had been wild.
“Hey! That took a long time; what’s the holdup?”
Joe yelped, turning with a bolt of darkness on his fingertips ready to be unleashed. “Crim! You scared the abyss outta me!”
“Right, sorry. What didja get?” Crim ignored Joe’s dark-coated hand and leaned in to hear the juicy details.
“Ah. A lightning strike, an aura ability, an enchanting ability, and a couple other things,” Joe distractedly rattled off.
“Details, man!” Crim demanded boisterously.
“No real point in details for most of them just yet; I’m planning to combine them with other skills.” Joe pulled open his Soul Forge and started placing abilities together. “Want to help me with that?”
“I mean…” Crim paused, then shrugged. “Your funeral, man. Hope they don’t turn into trash. You’ll let me know if the combos work?”
“Yeah.” Joe perused his large sheet of abilities and sighed. It had been getting out of hand, and a bunch of new skills wouldn't help him keep everything organized. “I’m planning to take the aura skill and combine it with two of my healing abilities. I think that they will complement each other well. As soon as I got the aura ability, a reward I gained from my skill ‘Cleanse’ went off and let me know that they had high compatibility. I’m going to use that and ‘Group heal’ to make a healing aura that dampens magic and removes debuffs.”
“Hmm.” Crim’s tone made Joe pause. “Well… I’ve heard that order is important. If you want it to remain an aura, make sure that is the first thing added. Then I’d suggest the order of what is important to you.”
Joe nodded, adding in Antimagic Aura, Cleanse, and Group Heal. He looked over the list and tried to decide if there was anything else he needed to add in. He decided that, since he was at an altar, he would use ‘Query’ to ask Tatum. As soon as his skill activated, his eyes landed on ‘Channeling’. The word seemed to glow, and was extra bold for a bare second. “What? No way, I use that for practically everything!”
There was no reply, which wasn't a surprise at this point, and his skill was now on cooldown. Joe grumbled and tossed the skill into the mix. The worst outcome was that he would need to relearn how to channel, and the Mage’s College could make that happen. Joe accepted the loss of the four skills and a chunk of gold; then was notified that his skill would appear in forty-eight hours. Instantly, he felt weaker as the four skills vanished.
“Ugh. I’m going to have to drink water again.” Joe grimaced at the thought. He had gotten used to simply hydrating himself when he needed a pick-me-up. Needing to rely on drinking plain water again turned his stomach. “I’ll need to shower too! No! I didn’t think this through! Give me my skills back!”
“Trouble, Joe?” Crim caught Joe just before he could fall into despair.
“Just… I’m fine.” Joe sighed and looked at his other skills. He decided to clean up some skills that he didn’t often use, though he had no idea if they would work together. With a thought, Speech, Acting, Reading, Teaching, Drawing, Staff Mastery… and after a long moment, ‘Medic’, were all tossed into the mix to see what would happen. Thirty-two hundred gold loss and an eighty-four hour wait awaited him as he pressed accept. “That helped… still have a ton of skills I don’t use though. It’s just so expensive to clean them up.”
Crim wrote down the skills and the order Joe put them in the Soul Forge, then made a copy for himself. “Tell me more about your skills from Tatum!”
“Swear not to share with anyone else?” Joe stared Crim in the eye, and the other man solemnly agreed. Now that Crim would gain a Warlock title if he told another person, Joe felt comfortable discussing the skills. “I got a spell called ‘Corify’, which adds a chance equal to skill level to make a creature solidify a Core upon death. Sounds cool, but if I use it on a regular creature, that would still only get me a one percent chance to get a trash-tier Core. Good for grinding it up, but it costs a hundred mana per cast.”
“Yikes.” Crim winced. “What’s your spell stability looking like?”
“Pretty awesome at fifty-five percent.” Joe grinned at Crim’s shocked expression. “I got a spellform for enchanting, but I’m not sure how useful it’ll be. Listen to this. ‘You create a thirty-foot-radius zone. Beings within the zone that attempt to say something rude, vulgar, or hostile are compelled to say something positive instead.”
“That seems kinda…” Crim paused as Joe continued speaking.
“This effect extends to any text which includes rude, vulgar, or hostile language. Creatures who attempt to make rude gestures end up making some friendly gesture. Paintings and drawings which would be considered vulgar change to become wholesome. This does not stop hostile actions from occurring. The enchantment must be placed on an object that is not easily moved, or it will not function. Examples include anchors, spikes driven into the ground, large stones, a bar countertop, a table too large to fit through a doorway, or any permanent construction.”
“What in the actual abyss are you going to use that for?” Crim’s face was bunched up in disgust.
“No idea… it would have been an amazing addition to a cafeteria in my old high school, though.” Joe chuckled along with Crim, and the two of them started walking toward the exit. Joe’s eyes gleamed as he looked over the final skill he had acquired.
Skill gained: Knowledge (Occultatum Exclusive) (Novice I). You tap into the System, searching for the secrets of this world. When you cast this spell, you gain one level of Lore in a chosen Lore skill, up to the maximum of the tier of this skill. Current maximum: Novice IX. Cooldown: 24 hours. Cost: 2,000 mana.
“Overall, I think this was worth doing. Thanks for the advice, Crim.” Joe stared at his final skill, eager to test it out for himself. “Gotta go find somewhere private…”
Chapter Four
“I have a dungeon I’d like to have the group run through.” Jess ambushed Joe as he walked out of the Temple, and she was clearly still upset about his reaction that morning; if the way she slapped a sheet of paper onto Joe’s chest was any indication. “Since you are a guild officer, I sent a couple people to secure it for us.”
“Oh, nice!” Joe looked at the information on the paper, then frowned. “Oh. Totally unknown what the interior is like?”
“Yeah, I want to use it to train up my new class.” Jess taunted him with the fact that he had no idea what her class actually was. “Hurry up; everyone else is already gathered.”
“Are you seriously going to ask me to help you train your class, but not tell me what it is? Nah. Tell me, or you can work on it without my help.” Joe leveled a stare at her. He was also a little salty about their previous interaction.
“You suck. Fine… I’m a Necromantic Logistician.” Jess waited for a reaction, but only got a blank stare in return. “Alright… I guess you have no idea what that means, so I didn't need to be so secretive. Basically, I am a support class necromancer, and I get experience for setting up trips. I can also use my raised creatures to scout out a dungeon or unknown area, and I can draw up a map. After the area is cleared, I get experience for how accurate my map was.”
“Oh.” Joe searched for something to say, but came up empty. “Neat. Yeah, we’ll go ahead and do this dungeon in a little while. I am just on my way to meet with Aten. Can we go to the dungeon tomorrow?”
“Sure can. Everyone is already waiting, but I’m sure they’ll be fine with disappointment.” Jess gave a thumbs up as Joe scowled at her, “At least that’ll give me more time to set up the trip, which means more experience in the long run.”
“Silver linings everywhere.” Joe walked toward the Guild Hall again. He had no idea why Aten had waited till he left to call him back. It was either a power play, or something else was going on. He was brought directly to Aten’s office, which was now an actual enclosed room with only Aten in it. “Hi, Aten. What’s going on?”
“Close the door?” Aten waited for the door to latch before waving at a seat in front of him. “Alright, man… we need to talk about the direction of the guild and what you want to see going forward. I probably don't need to tell you this, but you really upset a few people earlier when you basically told them that their ideas were outdated and useless in this new world.”
Joe stared at Aten for a long moment before exploding, “Abyss those debuffs! I wasn't trying to say anything like that, I was trying to point out that we needed to look at things in game terms!”
“Debuff…? Oh… this ‘Hammerwords’ thing you were describing that no one else knows about?” Aten rolled his eyes. “You need to stop blaming other things and take action to better yourself. If this thing really does exist, then to fix it, you need to work on your charisma score, right? Take that skeleton man with you when you do, will ya?”
“Where is training available for charisma?” Joe ignored the slight and leaned forward eagerly. “I’ve been trying to figure it out, but the only thing I can think of is the Bard’s College.”
“They have a good program, but you can raise charisma by doing anything non-combat that is used to bring joy to others. Even if it isn't very good. Dancing, singing, art, carving, sculpting, pleasant conversations… stuff like that. Anyway, that isn't why I brought you here.”
“Do tell.”
“Alright, I’ll get right to it.” Aten took a deep breath and leaned back. “I need you to really focus on getting your next Specialization. We need to get ahead of the crazy amounts of people on… ah… Midgard… and start making a base of operations in the next Zone.”
“I had planned on getting stronger as fast as possible, but what’s the deal here?” Joe narrowed his eyes. It was sounding suspiciously like Aten was trying to get rid of him. “Getting pressured to keep only the extra-friendly folk around?”
“Nothing like that, Joe.” Aten arched a brow, clearly understanding where he was coming from. “We know exactly how useful it is to have you around, and we certainly aren't going to throw you away for personal politics. No, what I am worried about is the absolute lack of resources that is going to be hitting the area. We have a food source secured, but when was the last time that you tried to buy up a Core?”
“I haven't needed to in a while.” Joe thought for a moment and checked his storage ring and codpiece mentally. “I still have a half dozen common Cores, and one that is worth about five thousand experience. I forget the name, and I don’t want to pull it out and check it.”
“That was about what I was expecting.” Aten nodded sagely, rubbing the beginnings of a moustache. “Everyone has a small personal stock, but the cost of Cores has doubled in the last few days due to the sheer demand for them. But it isn't just the Cores. Most resources have skyrocketed in price, which reminds me; thanks for the heads up on that a while back. We were able to buy up a lot of stock while it was relatively low-priced, so we’re not suffering like some other people we know.”
“Basic supply and demand, Aten.” Joe bobbed his head. “Happy to do it, but what are you getting at?”
“I need to give you an order, Joe. As Guild Commander, I need you to gain your next Specialization, get to the next Zone, and prepare a safe haven for The Wanderer’s Guild. If possible, I need you to start sending resources down to us so that we can get more people to their second Specialization.” Aten looked Joe in the eye. “I would go myself, but my next Specialization is tied to the ability of my Guild and… ugh… Towny McTownface’s town rank.”
“What of the other guild officers?” Joe pointedly demanded. “I want to spend a good deal of time consolidating power here and making this town into an amazing city, and that’s hard to do when I’m splitting my focus so heavily.”
“The officers that I think can manage it? They are getting the same task.” Aten leaned close and lowered his voice. “You know as well as I do that of all the people in the Guild… only a small percentage of them will use this opportunity as it should be used. Most will squander it, and resent us as we become powerful. Luckily, they will be in no position to affect us. The bankers, the lawyers, the trust fund kids that are our investors? They’re likely staying on Midgard forever. So this is an order, but also a massive show of faith in your ability to make it happen. Get out of here and make it to the next Zone. I’ll follow as soon as I can, and that is where our really talented people will group together.”
Joe left the Guildhall with his mind weirdly whirling. Aten was giving out a secret task only to competent people? Should he trust that? Believe it? Or should he look into guild politics more deeply? No… if Aten thought he needed to go, he would take it as the compliment it appeared to be. Joe decided to take this as a turning point in his development, and realized that he needed to answer a major question. Essentially, “What do I need for my next rank up? Status.”
Name: Joe ‘Tatum’s Chosen Legend’ Class: Jumplomancer (Actual: Rituarchitect)
Profession: Tenured Scholar (Actual: Arcanologist)
Character Level: 15 Exp: 134,813 Exp to next level: 1,187
Rituarchitect Level: 3 Exp: 5,940 Exp to next level: 60
Hit Points: 330/330
Mana: 1,590/1,590
Mana regen: 30.7/sec (Base 27.91/sec increased by gear)
Stamina: 295/295
Stamina regen: 5.67/sec
Characteristic: Raw score (Modifier)
Strength: 31 (1.31)
Dexterity: 40 (1.40)
Constitution: 38 (1.38)
Intelligence: 106 (3.06)
Wisdom: 77 (2.27)
Charisma: 31 (1.31)
Perception: 60 (2.10)
Luck: 30 (1.30)
Karmic Luck: 0
“Alright… looking good… but I have a long way to go before I can rank up. Sheesh. I need a total of forty-five thousand class experience, and I have only five thousand nine hundred and forty. I need to figure out how to boost that by a lot.” Joe looked at his skill list, and his eyes landed on Knowledge. He shivered in anticipation, pulled out one of his two Mana batteries and held it to his chest. “Knowledge.”
You have activated ‘Knowledge’. Which Lore skill would you like to use Knowledge on?
“Ritual Lore.”
Invalid target. Skill Ritual Lore is at Apprentice II, and skill Knowledge can only affect skills up to Novice IX.
“At least I know what it looks like.” Joe muttered, putting away his now-spent Mana Battery. “Gotta go get myself some lore skills.”
He tried to think of what to do next, and came up empty. When in doubt, head to the library. As Joe walked toward the Pathfinder’s Hall, he closed his eyes and listened to the magic in the air. His destination tolled in his ears like soft thunder as his Magical Synesthesia skill kicked in. All around him were the quieter, sharper sounds of enchanted equipment, but none of the screeching that he had started to associate with spells being cast.
“Mmm…” Joe opened his eyes, and they were filled with determination as well as excitement. “Time to do some research. I need to get to class level ten, start looking into new buildings, find material and Cores, and get some lore skills. Aten… you may have given me the kick I needed, buddy. I’ll just have to hope that you can afford to devote the resources I’ll need to power my way through the ranks.”
A flash of light took him from the Temple portion of the Pathfinder’s Hall into the main square of Ardania. After about twenty minutes of pushing through the crowd, he found himself in the library. There was a new man at the main desk, who seemed to recognize Joe. He didn't seem very happy, but at least he waved Joe through without stopping him, which Boris had almost always done.
“Common book area…” Joe walked into the largest room of the library and started toward the leftmost section. One of the benefits of setting up the organizational system for the area was that he knew where things should be. “Architecture… let’s brush up on history, types of buildings, and anything else that might be useful.”
He spent the rest of the day going through books and reading everything that was publicly available about the subject. He took meticulous notes, and at the end of the day, he had a thin stack of paper that he had devoted to the process. Mate, his coffee elemental, had spent most of the day on his lap. Joe found that it had habits similar to a house cat, enjoyed sleeping in warm spaces, and happily bubbled.
Joe very much enjoyed the creature. Not only was it giving him life-saving coffee, but as a non-combat familiar, it seemed that this thing was essentially a pet! He decided to look into how to take better care of it. Did it eat or drink; did it need anything beyond mana? He already knew that he could feed it beans to change the coffee flavor, but what else? All of this was information he would seek out, but for the moment he eyed his new skill with glee.
Skill gained: Architectural Lore (Novice II). Allows you to fine-tune Architectural blueprints that you find or create. Can increase the quality of structures or decrease the cost of building them.
“Knowledge, Architectural Lore.” Joe felt his mana start moving instantly, but it was a… strange feeling. Normally when he used a skill, the mana would flow through and out of him. Right now… it was flowing in and up. Mana was drained out of the battery that Joe had pulled out, and a rush of power entered his brain. Suddenly, he knew more about Architecture.
Skill increase: Architectural Lore (Novice III).
Skill increase: Knowledge (Novice II).
“What in the blazes is going on in here? The library is closing; get out!”
Joe blinked away his notifications as Boris barreled into the room to find out why mana was surging in his precious library. “Oh. Hey there, Boris. Did you have the day off?”
Chapter Five
“No, I didn't have the day off. I was… why am I telling you this?” Boris shook his head and glared at Joe. “What are you doing, youngster?”
“Research.” Joe waved at the table and nodded. “Trying to find out more about my class, get a few lore skills, and find my path to my next Specialization.”
“Ah. Well… I can't exactly kick out a Tenured Scholar.” Boris seemed as displeased by that fact as he seemed happy that Joe had that rank. “Is there anything I can help you with that will get you out of here faster? Truthfully, only so I can go to bed, but the offer stands. What are your reasons for looking into this?”
“I’m trying to find what I need to do to achieve my next Specialization, and I feel that lore is the way to go.” Joe pushed his notes across the table and tapped his section headers. “As far as I can tell, there are three main categories of structure that I can make. The first is ‘offense’, or siege, which looks amazing. Buildings that can lob projectiles a quarter of a Zone? Resonating siege towers that cast and amplify a spell from a distance?”
Joe blinked as Boris’s head bobbed; the older man was falling asleep. “Right, ahh… ‘defense’, which allows things like enchanted walls and traps. Also, massive stationary shields or magical auto-turrets. Finally, ‘utility’, which is mainly used as quality-of-life or support structures that help less directly with combat.”
Boris glanced at Joe’s notes and agreed with him. “These do look interesting. Is there any specific one that you are leaning toward?”
“Honestly… if I can find the path forward on one of these… I think that any of them will be valid. My real concern is that I am the class trainer for my class, so if I take something that isn't useful to everyone, there will be a lot of people stuck with my choices.” Joe paused and licked his lips. “I’m actually pretty concerned with what I took for my first Specialization. I’m wondering if steering my class away from war was the correct path.”
Boris nodded and put a hand on Joe’s shoulder. “I think you are doing just fine. You can't decide to be responsible for everyone. If they want a different path, all they need to do is walk it. Now… I think I know of something that may help you.”
Joe looked up, hope filling his eyes. Boris arched a brow and continued, “Don’t get your hopes up too high. What I am thinking of is going to take a lot of research on my end. I don't mind doing it, because I still feel that the Scholars owe you something. I’ll try to have some information for you in a week or two.”
“Thank you, Boris.” Joe shook the old man’s hand.
“Don’t run off now; I think that there is something you are overlooking.” Boris gave Joe a flat stare over the top of his glasses. “You are a Tenured Scholar, and that is wonderful, but what have you taken for your other professions?”
“So far, I only have the one.”
Boris shook his head in annoyance. “Then you are wasting your talents and throwing away experience and benefits. You have a profession that is currently based on gathering, so you should take another that is based on production or refinement. Or... it seems you are level fifteen, so take both! You can choose to synergize them well with your class and gain the most benefit from them. My personal recommendation would be something along the lines of paper production or bookbinding. You don't strike me as a blacksmith, for instance.”
“Isn’t blacksmith a class?” Joe quizzed the older man. “What’s the difference here?”
“Easy enough.” Boris cleared his throat and sat down alongside Joe. “You can have a profession, such as blacksmithing, that will give you anything from profession experience to skill bonuses for creating weapons and various metallurgy. Then, separately, you have the blacksmith class, which will give you things like weapon blueprints, class and experience toward your overall level, and will allow for much faster progression. Now, to maximize the potential, a blacksmith would likely take a blacksmith class and profession.”
“I don't really see the difference there.” Joe admitted. “It seems like they do the same thing.”
“In a way, yes.” Boris nodded, “But have you ever gained personal experience for increasing your profession? Or has it always been profession experience? I don't mean from quest rewards, of course.”
“Honestly… I don't know?” Joe tried to think back, but couldn't remember the details.
“That’s fine. The main difference is that a blacksmith class can reach say, level twenty, by crafting alone. No fighting required. Nothing is technically required, except smithing harder or more intricate items. A person with a blacksmith profession can make the same items, use the same tools, be very good at it… and be stuck at level one forever, because professions are only about skill. No experience is granted to the person.” Boris waved away Joe’s next question and pointed at the door. “My bed is calling, and the midnight oil is burning. I hereby rescind my previous statement that I wouldn't kick you out. Get!”
“Pff.” Joe stood and helped Boris to his feet while chuckling. “Thanks, Boris. You gave me a lot to think about.”
“Yes, yes.” Boris waved his hands at Joe to hurry him along. “Out!”
Joe laughed and left with a wave, thinking through his next options. His profession was something that he should really look into, something that he should spend a lot of time researching… “Nah. I’ll make Jess do it.”
He chuckled as he teleported to Towny McTownface and found his bed. As Joe was disrobing, he heard a crinkle in his pocket. He reached in and pulled out… a paper crane? Was it a secret message of some kind? Joe pulled the paper to unfold it, and the entire thing glowed brilliantly… before exploding into shards of ice. There was a concussive blast that flipped Joe across the room and pinned him to the wall, where he lay feeling strangely lethargic.
Damage taken: 250 (125 x2 sneak attack damage!) Debuff: Chilled. Slowed, movement speed reduced by 25%! You take additional damage from cold damage until ‘Chilled’ has worn off!
Joe’s teeth chattered, and he slowly reached his arm up and touched his chest. He rasped out, “Mend.”
Health: 245/330 Debuff: Chilled. Slowed, movement speed reduced by 25%! You take additional damage from cold damage until ‘Chilled’ has worn off!
“I’m really missing Cleanse right about now.” Joe snarled in slow motion. “Mend.”
His health returned to full, and Joe slowly pulled himself out of the puddle of frosted blood that he had been lying in. His door slammed open, and a few guild guards looked around. “Joe! You alright there?”
“Jay? I’ve… never… seen… you… off… duty.” Joe’s teeth stopped chattering, and his motions became more fluid. The chilled debuff had finally worn off. “Was that a twelve second debuff on one spell?”
“Someone attacked you?” Jay pulled out what looked like a riding crop and walked into the room, tossing open the small closet to see if someone was hiding there.
“It was a trap,” Joe informed him. “Someone basically put a grenade in my pocket.”
“There’s a paper on the floor.” Jay leaned down and picked it up before Joe could warn him off. “It says ‘Wolfpack forever. Hope this helps you chill.’ and it is signed ‘S’. Know any people that are after you?”
“Way too many.” Joe admitted stiffly. “Thanks for coming to check on me, but I’m gonna get some sleep now.”
“Fair enough, take care.” Jay stepped out of the room and closed the door behind him.
Joe flopped onto the bed, staining the sheets in an instant. “Ugh. I miss Cleanse. Alright… sleep. Figure this out later.”
The night seemed to fly by, and far too soon, Joe found himself on the way to an unknown dungeon with his group early the next morning. He explained to all of them what had happened to him, and made his request for Jess to look at what professions would synergize well with what he was doing.
“I can certainly look into that, no problems there. It aligns well with what I am trying to research right now anyway, but let me know if anything changes.” Jess got more information from him, focusing mainly on what he was building, the things he was trying to do, and where he saw himself going.
When all of her questions had been answered, Joe looked around at the others. “Hey guys, listen. I got ordered to make serious progress toward my next class, and I am wondering if you all need help as well. I don't want to have to leave Midgard without you, so if you need something that I can provide, just tell me.”
“Sounds good!” Poppy was in a strangely good mood today. Joe didn't want to comment, so he focused on the road. “Did I tell you all that my girl learned how to do somersaults last night?”
Ah. That would do it. It was strange to Joe that the steely-eyed Duelist who was driven to perfect his skills with a rapier… was also a doting doe-eyed father that could be put into a fuzzy pink mood for days after seeing his daughter. Joe certainly wasn't complaining. “That’s excellent, Poppy! How’s everything else going?”
“Mmm. Good. The Pathfinder’s Hall allows for excellent skill sharpening, but I truly need to test myself in combat in order to consolidate my abilities with battle experience.” Poppy gave Joe a dark glance that was much more his normal style. “Joe, we have seen neither combat nor time together for too long. More than needing resources, we need to make sure that we are progressing smoothly together.”
“I fully agree.” Joe nodded and glanced over at Alexis and Bard, but they were fully lost in their own conversation. Jaxon and Jess were arguing together, so Joe broke into their conversation. “Jess, will this be a good place for-”
“Jaxon, there are no other people with that skill! How the abyss am I supposed to help you find your next Specialization?” Jess ignored Jaxon and turned to focus on Joe, but Jaxon was having none of that.
“It has to be a cross between a tamer and a Chiropractor!” Jaxon demanded enthusiastically. “Or a druid of some sort!”
“Joe, we’re here.” Jess kept her eyes locked on Joe. She pointed at a hole in the side of a hill that was flanked by two guards from the guild. “Watch this, guys.”
Jess pulled out a bag and started dumping snakes onto the ground. Bard yelped a curse and jumped back, but Jaxon’s eyes lit up. They dimmed as he looked closer. “Aww. They’re dead.”
“Yup.” Jess touched one on the head. “Slither again. Become my eyes and ears.”
The snake corpse started moving, then coiled up and looked at her. It remained unnaturally still until the spell was cast nine more times, creating more serpentine servants. Poppy started chuckling, and Jess looked at him with pure confusion. “What? This is super cool! They can scout! I even combined one of my rogue abilities that lets me use them to steal items out of people’s pockets!”
“I’m sorry, Jess… it's just… you raise snakes. Ha! You can steal with your serpents? From people? Is… hee… is that skill called pocket snake, by any chance?” Poppy only laughed harder as Jess turned red. “The fact that you aren't answering the question tells me everything I needed to know!”
“You know what?” Jess growled dangerously, turning on the Duelist. He shied away, laughing, and she grumbled as she sent the snakes past the guards and into the open dungeon behind them. Jess pulled out a paper and a pencil, starting to draw a map out for the team while muttering, “Dirty minded… I better start getting some respect around here.”
Chapter Six
“Anyone know how to increase the luck stat? I remember something about games of chance, but I never followed up on that.” Joe finally broke the lingering silence. The only sound for the last ten minutes had been the slow scratching of Jess’s quill on paper, and the repetitiveness was starting to drive him crazy.
“Yeah.” Bard perked up and scooted closer, leaving tracks in the dirt. “Ah’d be happy ta show yah. It’s gonna cost yah, though.”
“Are you seriously going to…?” Joe trailed off as a deck of cards appeared in Bard’s hand. “What are you doing?”
“Poker.”
“I’m in!” Poppy scooted closer, and Bard nodded before looking to see if anyone else wanted to join. One of the guards at the entrance to the dungeon was staring hopefully, but a glare from Jess made him go back to guarding with a sigh. Bard had Jaxon sit, and dealt him in.
“If I wanted to take your money, you would all just hand it to me. ‘Oh, I need money to make poisons for you all’.” Alexa pretended to swoon while speaking in a falsetto. “Pff. Yeah, right.”
“...Right. We’re gonna have a talk later. I somehow feel like I’ve been overpaying you.” Poppy’s narrow eyes were locked on a suddenly-sheepish Alexis, but only until the first hand was dealt.
Joe looked at his cards and tried to remember what everything was worth. “Can I trade these cards for another?”
“Nah, this is Texas Hold ‘Em.” Bard snorted, then waved at the empty spot in front of Joe. “Big blind, two copper.”
The next ten minutes saw Joe losing hand after hand. He was pretty sure that Poppy was cheating somehow, but there was no way he could prove it. At the fifteen-minute mark, he decided to stay in even though he only had a two and a seven. Since he had been either folding or losing badly, both Bard and Poppy also stayed in till the end. Joe flipped his cards and sighed. “Two reds.”
The others started chortling, then Jaxon nudged him. “Joe, you have a flush.”
“Hey, no table talking!” Bard stopped laughing as the others leaned in to check. With a grumble, they let Joe take the coins.
Characteristic point training completed! +1 to luck! This stat cannot be increased further by any means other than system rewards, study, or practice for twenty-four hours game time.
“Nice.” Joe grinned as the notification scrolled across his line of sight.
“Yeah, yeah. Blinds are up, now it is going to be two-” Poppy was cut off as Jess jumped to her feet.
“Done!” she walked over to Joe and proudly held out a detailed map. “Take and bind this.”
Joe gingerly took the still-wet parchment and looked it over. It was decently drawn, and a prompt appeared as soon as he had looked it over.
Would you like to add the information from ‘Uncommon Quality Dungeon Map’ to your personal map? Durability: 1/1. Yes / No.
Joe selected ‘Yes’, and the map in his hand converted to ashes. He shook his hand to get most of the particles off, and grimaced as he realized that he didn't have his shield active. Fifteen hundred mana poured into his Exquisite Shell, and Joe blinked as he realized something. He had fifteen hundred and ninety mana… which was exactly the amount granted by his intelligence score. If that was the case… he looked at his Mana Manipulation skill, and saw that it was no longer reducing the amount of mana he had! From now on as it ranked up, the stupid skill would boost the amount of mana he had! Finally!
“There goes an hour of work.” Jess sighed as the ashes scattered in the wind, but she could only shrug and wave at the dungeon. “I really hope it helps. My experience bar is hungry.”
Bard was still struggling to put all the cards back in their case. Jaxon patted Jess on the arm as they started walking to the entrance. “I’m sure it won’t be completely useless. Chin up.”
Bard tapped Joe on the shoulder, “Games o’ chance. That’s how ya train up your luck stat. Ya need ta have actual stakes, and ya need ta naw cheat, then play for a full hour. Pretty simple, compared ta other characteristics. Ya do tend ta lose ah lotta coin right away, but ya get increasing returns as yer luck boosts.”
“Thanks, Bard!” Joe flipped one of the coins he had recently acquired into the air and caught it. “Poker, huh? Seems like a good way to relax at the same time as doing some training.”
“Only reason gamblin’s legal anywhere ya wanna go.” Bard winked at Joe, then strode forward to the front of the group. He was their tank, and they didn’t yet know what sort of attacks were going to be coming their way.
The party went past the guards, who saluted Joe before getting back into position. This dungeon was now owned by The Wanderer’s Guild, and would have a rotating guard at all times to make sure no one else snuck in. As soon as they entered the open cavern, a small minimap appeared in the upper right corner of Joe’s eyesight, and he whooped. “Yes! I got a minimap! I’ve wanted this since I joined Eternium!”
“What!” Alexis scooted closer, “Is it because of that map? It is, isn't it? Ahh, I knew that there was a reason people were quietly buying up all the maps they could get their grimy hands on!”
“Wait…” Joe’s smile stretched across his face in a way that made Alexis compare him to Jaxon. “You mean to tell me that I can have a minimap all the time if I get a full map of an area?”
“Probably?” Alexis smirked as Joe started getting all wound up. “Dude, calm down and focus, please. You have the tendency to get all scatterbrained when you find something new to play with. We are in a dungeon, right? Oh, right on cue…”
You have entered a level nine recurring dungeon. Use caution, as self-sacrifice is the way forward but may require more than you can give. Keep an eye out for the resources, as well as the protectors! This dungeon will only remain until it is cleared, after which point the area will reset and be unenterable for twelve hours!
“So, are we always going to get vaguely ominous notifications whenever we enter a dungeon now?” Jaxon swatted at the air, likely swiping the screen away. “Is it just me, or have things slowly been getting more dangerous in this, um, Zone?”
“I know that I’ve seen a creature level up.” Poppy offered easily, keeping his eyes on the walls as they walked. “It seems likely that we aren't the only things getting stronger. I heard a rumor about a boss encounter, in fact. People were trying to bum-rush it, so they just charged back in whenever they died. By the time they realized that it was getting stronger, there was no way anyone in the area could beat it. They had to call in an entire guild just to bring that bad boy down.”
“Which means that the reward for actually beating it was almost worthless, I bet.” Alexis chimed in. “Looks like there is a monster ahead?”
Joe flinched and checked the minimap. “Shoot, yeah. It’s marked; I was just really getting into that conversation. My bad.”
“Remember what I said about focusing?” Alexis archly reminded him. “What is that thing? Looks like an overgrown eye as a body with tentacles instead of limbs?”
Memories of playing DnD in days long past sprang up in Joe’s mind, and he let out a quiet whimper as the creature spotted them. Luckily, it didn't seem to be a copyrighted creature, but as it saw Bard… both the creature and the Skald had a slightly purple aura pop into existence around them. Jaxon ran at the beast, screaming, “Kill it with fire!”
He punched the creature right in its overgrown eye, but the beast didn't even blink. Bard, on the other hand, screamed bloody murder. “My nose! What hit me?”
“Everyone, stop!” Joe ordered instantly. “It isn’t moving, and I’m betting that the dungeon description meant that the only way to hurt the enemies in it would be to take damage. Let me try my scan.”
He stared at the creature, activating Intrusive Scan and holding it for the maximum five seconds that he could.
Everwatch.
Highest stat: Willpower
Ongoing effects: Levitation, Boneless Body, Damage Trade II, Instant Stasis, Self-Damage = only Damage.
Joe waited for the weak points to appear, but no red appeared on the body of the Everwatch. “Alright… looks like it has a ‘Damage Trade’ effect, and level two means that… it returns all damage done back to its target. It only takes half of the self-damage? Let’s leave - ahh!”
He had turned around, and screeched when he found that Bard was covered head to toe in a blood red aura. It took a moment before Joe realized that he was currently seeing the weak points of the Everwatch. “Well… it’s in stasis, so we can’t hurt it. Let’s just go around?”
“Joe.” Alexis pointed at the creature’s tentacle, which was wrapped around a small bronze key. “I have a feeling that this is as far as we go if we don’t beat that thing.”
Looking at his minimap, Joe saw that there was a door around the bend of the tunnel. He went and looked at it, confused as to how the dungeon could have been mapped out if… ah. “There’s an inch gap under and over the door. Plenty of room for snakes to move around, plenty to stop us from going forward.”
He touched the door, and a notification appeared.
You do not have the orange key!
“So, it’s gonna be like that, huh?” Joe shook himself. “I can’t stand it when dungeons force you to fight the monsters. What if I just wanted to sneak through and empty out the treasure room? That seems like it should be a viable option!”
“Can someone jus’ stab me so we can get ah move on?” Bard demanded, taking off his armor so that it wouldn't get damaged by his teammates. Jaxon reacted instantly, punching Bard in the face hard enough that the Skald dropped to the ground and had his head bounce off the stone floor.
“Two hits for the price of one!” Jaxon crowed as a PvP aura appeared over his head. He pulled back his foot to kick the fallen Skald. “I hit you, you hit the floor!”
“Jaxon, stop!” Joe demanded. He was watching the Everwatch, and his Dungeoneer title showed him that its health hadn't decreased at all. “Self-damage is only damage… Bard, you gotta do the damage to yourself, or it won't count against that thing.”
“Oh, come on. Ah have’ta… gah, keep that healing spell handy.” Bard pulled back his axe and swung it at his exposed leg, pulling it to the side at the last second. “Ahhh mah brain sure doesn’t want me hurtin mahself.”
“Now we know why the dungeon said that it ‘may require more than you can give’.” Poppy muttered to Joe, who simply nodded.
“If you can’t-” Alexis started, only to be cut off as Bard closed his eyes and swung downward with a bellow.
Chapter Seven
“Gonna be honest wit’ yah.” Bard took and released a deep breath as he rubbed his legs and arm. “I am not ah big fan o’ this dungeon. Ah know ahm gettin’ healed, but ah feel like it's still bleedin’.”
The group had gotten into a fight with two more Everwatch monsters, and had learned several not-so-fun facts. When you were chosen as the target of the self-sacrifice, you were the only one that got experience from the monster. The damage done was on a point-by-point basis, not percentage based, which meant that it really made sense for the tank to try to get targeted. Finally, the dungeon was a bust so far.
“I think that’ll fade really fast here, Bard. Mental effects and all that. On my end, I can’t believe that they haven’t dropped a single item except keys yet.” Joe was getting a little grumpy about the fact that they had agreed to come and try out the dungeon. He had been trying out his ‘Corify’ spell, but the stasis effect made the Everwatch immune. Not only that, but as soon as the monster was defeated, it seemed to rot at an accelerated rate; there was no way to get useful materials from the things.
“It's fine. Jess has been working her tail off, we can do this for her,” Jaxon spoke up. The others looked around, then finally rested their eyes on the man. Had he just said something… nice? Helpful? Normal? Jaxon smiled extra-brightly at the attention, and the others slowly went back to watching their surroundings.
“Wait!” Joe’s eyes caught on the floor, then checked the map again. There was a green outline indicated on the wall that had been tagged with a small question mark, and Joe’s dungeoneering title and perception worked together to highlight an irregular crack. “I’m pretty sure there is a secret door here.”
“Please let it be ah shortcut,” Bard muttered gruffly. Poppy and Alexis worked together, running their hands around the outline until they found a small catch, and the door popped open. They stepped through, looking around cautiously. To their right was a hallway, while to their left was a large door with a skull on it.
“Oh, look,” Poppy deadpanned. “A shortcut.”
Bard beamed and yanked Jaxon into a hug, and together the group opened the door to the Boss room. It swung shut behind them with a *click*, and the boulder in the center of the square room moved. Specifically, it parted; exposing a massive version of the Everwatch monsters. Bard groaned as a red aura appeared around himself and the Boss. Unlike the smaller versions, it didn't stop moving; instead lifting into the air and slowly drifting toward them.
“Intrusive Scan.” Joe stared at the creature, and it stared back.
Evan the Everwatch.
Highest stat: Willpower
Ongoing effects: Levitation, Boneless Body, Damage Trade III, Self-Damage = only Damage.
“It has Damage Trade three, but no stasis. Looks like we are going to have to-” Joe was cut off by an intense whipping sound.
*Crack*. The Everwatch hit itself, leaving behind a red welt that quickly faded and appeared on Bard.
“Arther’s thundering Seat that hurt!” Blood started dripping out through Bard’s armor, and Joe slapped a heal on him. “Joe, what was that?”
The Rituarchitect scanned the information on Damage Trade three, his eyes widening, then narrowing. “His version of Damage Trade makes it so that the first to strike themselves gives all the damage to the other! It switches targets, too!”
Indeed, the aura had vanished from Bard, but no one had been expecting or looking for it. Another resounding crack, and Alexis was clutching at her backside and yelping. Joe started glowing red, and instantly slapped himself in the face. He only did a single point of damage, but it was enough to make the aura vanish and appear on Jaxon.
Jaxon started poking himself in the wrist, and as a tentacle whipped toward the Everwatch, he took a breath and activated, “Adjust!”
There was a sickening crack as Jaxon’s wrist twisted and broke, but the damage vanished in an instant; leaving behind only the memory of pain as the Boss’s health bar dropped by a quarter. It wailed, and the target switching started happening faster and faster. As its strikes came down on itself, the aura kept shifting to a new target just before impact. If the team member was able to hit themselves first, the aura was interrupted and the creature’s blows damaged itself.
Conversely, if the team was too slow, they often injured themselves without hurting the Boss. The fight quickly became a bizarre version of rock-paper-scissors, with every being in the room becoming heavily damaged rather quickly. But in the end, the Everwatch was a level ten beast, and the majority of the humans were at or near level fifteen. The humans also had Joe, who was able to keep them healed up. Inevitably, the Everwatch fell.
Experience gained: 400.
Jaxon walked up to the beast and shifted his hands into a pair of T-rex heads. “Lefty! Terror! Din-din!”
“Craw!”
“Nyah!”
Joe and the others looked on with complicated expressions as the Everwatch was torn into. A good amount of it was devoured before it could rot too much, and Jaxon babbled and cooed at his hands until the effect wore off and they shifted back to regular hands. In his left hand, he held a golden key, and he tossed it to Joe. “Lefty nearly choked on this mean little key!”
Joe grimaced as he caught the key, which was still coated in rotting meat and dinosaur saliva. “Um… thanks.”
The door was opposite the one they had previously entered, and it swung open on well-oiled hinges. The key fell apart as soon as the door opened to reveal five small treasure chests. Poppy walked over to one and popped it open, pulling out a small skill book. “Huh. Look at that. ‘Mass Riposte’. Never seen that before…”
Each person that opened a chest got a manual that was specifically useful to them, so Joe was very excited to see what was waiting for him. He pulled open one of the small chests, noticing a flash of golden light as he did so. It was likely that the treasure was added into the chest as it was opened, or just before. He really wanted to know how that worked. Joe pulled out his book and looked at the title in confusion.
“‘Alchemically Enhanced Components’?” Joe read the information that popped up out loud, too shocked to stay silent. “Book three of five in the ‘Basics of Rituals’ series?”
He couldn't wait to see what information it contained; he had to know now. Joe pulled open the cover and read the first page out loud. “Foreword. This set of books is designed to teach the basic requirements for effective ritual usage, and it is recommended that you read and understand all five before beginning your pursuit of this particular arcane art. By the time you read this book, you should have read ‘Ritual Circles and You’ as well as ‘Magical Matrices: Ritual Edition’.”
Joe kept going, even as he realized that he was being led outside by the rest of his comrades. “After this, don't forget to study ‘Advanced Enchanted Ritual Circles’ and ‘Micro or Macro: The Pros and Cons of Mega Circles’. Don't sell yourself short… make sure to read the ‘Journeyman’s Rules of Rituals’ and ‘Master of Rituals’… series?”
Blinking at the sudden light hitting him as he walked outside, Joe looked around woozily. “Guys, I think I'm gonna be sick.”
“How was the dungeon?” Jess started excitedly, pausing and squealing softly as she was flooded with notifications. “Holy…! That was a secret door, then? That was worth nearly half as much as the rest combined!”
“It was an interesting dungeon that we all hated and will never visit again.” Alexis took the lead since Joe had his nose in his new book and was mumbling nearly incoherently. “No rewards until you beat the Boss, but then each team member got a book that was useful to them. A skill book or a manual of some kind.”
“We broke Joe!” Jaxon chimed in. “I’d come back if there was another reward at the end like that.”
“Yeah, what’s happening there?” Jess poked Joe, only to be met with a sparkling force that stopped her finger cold.
“As far as we can tell, Joe just found out that he has barely been using his rituals or something. He read off the titles to a few books, and it seemed that he almost fainted a few times.” Poppy explained as he swung his rapier in a complicated new pattern.
Joe closed the book with a *snap* and looked around. “Everything I’ve been doing until now… just… it's all wrong!”
Jaxon gave him a few pats on the back. “You okay there, lil bald buddy?”
“I’m fine. Also. Jess. I don't need you to look for professions for me anymore.” Joe took a deep breath and turned toward Towny McTownface. “I need to get back and read through this. If I’m right about it, I am going to need to start hunting down the rest of this series.”
“What do ya think it is?” Bard inquired as they started the walk back to the Guild.
“I… alright, you know how I could add in a health potion to that ritual that keeps monsters away? If I did that, then there was an extra effect of getting a rested bonus?” Joe waited for Bard to nod, then burst out with, “That’s an entire school of ritual magic! It’s called ‘Alchemical Enhancement’. Not only can I add on potions and various pastes and such, but if I can figure out how to do it with this book… I can basically bottle entire rituals, or add on effects that make a ritual something completely different from what it was supposed to be.”
Chapter Eight
Joe leaned over his book, staring down at words that were changing his entire understanding of rituals. “Purifying flame under a Gorgonsteel cauldron can enhance the potency of both earth and flame aspected components up to the fifth degree. The delta factor of the…”
“I have no idea what any of this means.” He shook his head and sighed. After returning to the Guild, Joe had gone straight to his base in the Grand Ritual Hall and started reading. Unfortunately, the information was dense and multifaceted, going over concepts that seemed easy while containing many layers. He wanted ritual magic to be as mysterious and easy as it looked, but that should only be the case for those looking at it from the outside.
Reading this book, instead of twisting chants that would empower rituals through sheer magical language, he found graphs. Instead of searching for a mystical plant that would serve a panacea for his newfound potions, there was a chapter-long exposition on plant growth and harvesting techniques that were skills in their own right. He wanted to parse this information and solve a riddle or minigame that allowed him to make a ritual potion; but instead, there were heating and preservation charts.
Joe’s attention slid, and he started thinking about the book series that he had just learned about. If the titles were any indication, there was a book about ritual circles. He was good at those; on Midgard, he was likely the subject matter expert.
‘Matrices’ had a few meanings, and he hoped it was just another name for math. Specifically, the definition that said they were ‘arrays of quantities or expressions in rows and columns that are treated as a single entity and manipulated according to particular rules’. If that was where this skill was going, he felt that he would have a good handle on matrices and should be able to learn the information on his own. But if it meant ‘an environment or material in which something develops, a surrounding medium or structure’… that could be anything from the placement of components to growing certain things for himself.
Enchanted Circles sounded pretty straightforward: add enchantments to the rituals to create certain effects. It was likely that he would need to use enchantments to create linked rituals like the ones he had found when gaining the blueprints to the Grand Ritual Hall. Until he found that book, Joe just wouldn't know for certain. Since he had only one thick book of formulae and concepts, there was only one thing that he could think to do.
“I need a teacher.” Joe sighed and flopped down into his seat. He considered where to find a teacher, and came up with only a few options. “I’m sure that I could go to the Mage’s College and take a course… but those are always stuffed with theory and bias. There’s no way I would get any good hands-on experience in a timely manner. I could try to go the self-taught way… but that’s gonna be really slow.”
He sat up and rubbed his bald head. “Best try to find a tutor. Who would have better practical knowledge than an Alchemist with a shop? Let’s go have a chat with Jake. Sure, he’s creepy… but he seems to know his stuff.”
Joe crept through the Pathfinder’s Hall, keeping an eye out for Mike. The man had been popping up at inopportune moments and asking Joe to either work, attend meetings, or answer questions if it were at all possible. When he reached the temple without issue, Joe took a deep breath as he looked around the admittedly nifty room. Along with the lighting and heat sources, the river and shrubbery really tied the whole thing together. The shrubbery were actually young Tree Ents that would someday protect the temple if attacked, but right now they were extra pretty thanks to the flowers blooming on them.
“What’s missing?” Joe spoke quietly, the area giving off a pervading sense of stillness that he didn’t want to break. “Why do I feel like there is something missing?”
His eyes swept across the room, coming to rest on one of only two altars that was bare, blank stone. That would do it; the pantheon was still incomplete. Joe sighed, running a hand over his bald head in consternation. He didn't exactly want to go god-shopping, but it might be better than waiting around for something to approach him. Joe took a deep breath, and ever so slowly released it.
“I have time.” He reminded himself. “I am digital now, and I can survive for hundreds or thousands of years. Let’s learn all of this stuff, everything that I want to learn, but seriously… I gotta take the time to enjoy doing it.”
Soul Forge complete! New skill acquired: Neutrality Aura (Passive).
“Has it already been two days since I did that?” Joe furrowed his brow, then realized that he hadn’t yet read what the skill did!
Neutrality Aura (Passive) (Beginner IX): Remove all negative debuffs at double the rate of decomposition. Remove positive debuffs on hostile entities in range at double the rate of decomposition. Heal all non-hostile entities for 1n health per second within five feet, where n = skill level. Reduce incoming magical damage by .5n. Passive. This skill is doubly effective against poisons within a body, and will also pull moisture from the air to hydrate friendly targets over time. Range of aura is .25n feet. Reserves 8% of mana pool for use. Toggleable.
Instantly, Joe looked at his stained robes and sweaty skin. To his great relief, his ‘filthy’ debuff was starting to expire! He started to lose a headache he hadn't even realized he had… noticing only then that he hadn't drank any water the entire time that Cleanse had been gone. Joe had been fully reliant on the skill to keep him hydrated. Whoops.
“This skill is amazing.” The best part was that it was passive. He would be able to heal while focusing on other things, and using eight percent of his mana pool to keep it always active was a sacrifice he was willing to make. It wouldn't work on distant targets, nor would it be effective as quickly as the individual skills would have been, but there were a huge amount of new options that had opened up to him. The aura would work on anyone within four-and-three-quarters feet of him, basically the size of his standard party grouping, and that would only grow over time.
Joe sat down and waited a few long moments, keeping his eye on his active effects tab. He had been at ‘Filthy III’, ‘Dehydrated IV’, and ‘Caffeinated V’. All but the last were slowly vanishing, and he could actually see his shriveled skin starting to become hydrated. “I really need to take better care of myself.”
Wisdom +1!
“Bratty system!” Joe tried to relax, remembering that he needed to get his other stats up and over the next threshold. Yet another project that he needed to throw himself at. “Actually… what does my stat page look like right now?”
Name: Joe ‘Tatum’s Chosen Legend’ Class: Jumplomancer (Actual: Rituarchitect)
Profession: Tenured Scholar (Actual: Arcanologist)
Character Level: 15 Exp: 134,813 Exp to next level: 1,187
Rituarchitect Level: 3 Exp: 5,940 Exp to next level: 60
Hit Points: 330/330
Mana: 1462/1,590 (127 Reserved)
Mana regen: 30.7/sec (Base 27.91/sec increased by gear)
Stamina: 295/295
Stamina regen: 5.67/sec
Characteristic: Raw score (Modifier)
Strength: 31 (1.31)
Dexterity: 40 (1.40)
Constitution: 38 (1.38)
Intelligence: 106 (3.06)
Wisdom: 78 (2.28)
Charisma: 31 (1.31)
Perception: 60 (2.10)
Luck: 31 (1.31)
Karmic Luck: -4
That looked good, except… there were two things to fix right now. Joe activated his Exquisite Shell, dumping his mana pool into it. That reserved an additional one hundred and forty-six mana. The other thing… how had his Karmic luck dropped into the negatives? That was a tough stat that no one really understood, but research showed that it was fairly straightforward to either increase or decrease it.
Do actions that were considered ‘good’, and it increased. The opposite held true, and the only thing that he could think that he had done recently was going through the dungeon. Oh… self-harm? That would at least make sense, but it was frustrating to lose Karmic Luck simply by playing the game according to the rules. Perhaps there was another way to complete that dungeon…? He was sure someone would find out. Until then, there was no way he was returning to the area.
“Took five whole minutes,” Joe stated as he watched his dehydrated debuff vanish. “Well… at least I don't have to worry about it again after this. Hooray for passives!”
He stood and walked over to the teleportation point, casting a glance at the empty altars just before moving to Ardania. He took a breath, nearly gagging as the scent of the city hit him. It had never been this bad before! The press of bodies had thinned over the last few days as people ventured out to find something to do with their lives, but there were still refugees from Earth appearing regularly.
Unwashed bodies, cheap food rotting, and even the clear fact that some people either didn’t know where to find bathrooms - or didn't care to find them - hit Joe right in the olfactory organ. To his great delight, the smells reaching him dulled and eventually even vanished as his aura took care of the filth in the near vicinity. Apparently, his new aura even affected the air!
That settled it for him. He needed to do something to help here, no matter how small. Most of these people simply didn't understand what was happening; they weren't bad people. Joe made his way slowly between various groups, trying to get close to the thickest groupings of people. He stood in each place for a short while before moving on, leaving cleaner and healthier people behind. It wasn't much, but he knew that if he were in that position, he would be hoping for someone to do the same for him.
His slow pace caused him to arrive at the alchemy shop just after midday. He walked in and moved to the counter, pleased that his aura was taking care of the astringents in the air that had made breathing a pain in the past. “Jake? You here?”
A voice behind him made Joe whirl around. “Sure am. What are you doing to my shop? The air smells strange.”
“Clean, maybe? *Ahem*. Oh… did I walk past you somehow?” Jake didn’t answer Joe’s question, so Joe simply moved on. “I was hoping to ask for a favor.”
“No favors. Coin up front, always.” Jake was feeling the edge of Joe’s robes, glaring at something that apparently only he could see. “Coffee…”
“Not that kind of favor.” Joe steeled himself. This would be as difficult as learning from an alchemist version of Jaxon. “I was hoping that you could teach me the Alchemist profession.”
Jake’s eyes shot up to lock with Joe’s. “Trying to steal away my customers, are we? Hmm… tsk, tsk, Joe. That’s not very nice at all.”
“No, it's not that at all.” Joe insisted, pulling out the manual that he had recently acquired. The cat was out of the bag on his rituals already, so he was choosing to be as up front as possible. “I recently found that my class is capable of far more than I’ve been using it for, and I want to fix that. There is a subsection of my class that focuses on Alchemically Enhanced Components, and I can't make heads or tails of the information.”
“Book.” Jake held out a hand, and opened and scanned through a few pages, nodding at certain areas and raising a brow at others. “Interesting. Very interesting… a ritualist, here in my shop. I do wonder if the old bounty is still active?”
“It’s not!”
Joe froze, making Jake snort in response. “Only playing. Now… I will do one thing for you for free. Information. You don't want the ‘Alchemist’ profession for… this. It would work, but it would be like using a fireball to light a candle. The end result is similar, but one is incredibly wasteful. You need the ‘Ritualistic Alchemist’ profession.”
“That exists?”
“There are few things in this world that you can't find a specific, more focused, or specialized form of.” Jake handed back the book. “If you are only planning on making components for rituals, and not trying to brew cauldrons’ worth of healing potions to save your guild a few silver coins, I can teach you. That is where I am going to need something from you, though.”
“If I can do it, I will.” Joe told the man carefully. It wouldn't be good to make a promise before he knew details.
“I’d like to align myself with your guild, as I am getting bored here. When you move to the next zone and make an outpost, you will build me a new workshop.” Jake held out a hand. “Do we have a deal?”
Joe shook on it, “As long as my guild agrees, I’m in.”
“No. You take the deal, or you don’t. No negotiating.”
“Then I take it.” Joe stated firmly. He wasn't going to pass up a chance like this.
Quest received: Homebrew. Jake the Alchemist is looking to upgrade. Get your guild to agree to align with him, and make him a new workshop in your outpost on the next zone. Reward: Profession (Instant), Variable. Failure: hostility with Jake and other organizations. You have accepted this quest!
Chapter Nine
Joe was in the horse stance, grunting as flaming coals were dropped on top of the metal shield he was holding above his head. He found that strength and endurance training allowed him to free his mind to think of other issues in the background. In this case, he was going over what had happened with the Alchemist last night.
The ‘instant’ in the reward line meant that he gained that portion of his reward right away, which meant that they needed to train. Jake had brought Joe to the back of the shop and directed him to start reading through various primers. He had used the book Joe brought, found a section detailing recipes for ritual-only usage, and worked with Joe to help create one of the brews. The entire process had taken until well past sundown, even with Joe’s enhanced learning speed. It was frustrating for him to find an area of expertise that he just wasn’t instantly good at.
Joe focused on his brand-new second profession and grunted; partly from a coal that slipped and singed his skin.
Ritualistic Alchemist (Level 0): An Alchemist creates potions and elixirs that can amaze and astound the world. A Ritualistic Alchemist takes that in a different direction, focusing on creating components that enhance and alter rituals. By sacrificing the ability to make most things that an Alchemist can easily produce, the Ritualistic Alchemist is able to become a master at his craft in a fraction of the time. +25% chance to create ritual-specific alchemical items. +25% speed of production to ritual-specific alchemical items. -50% to all attempts to make non ritual-specific alchemical items.
On a very positive note, the hours of practice and lecturing had also allowed Joe to gain the ‘Alchemical Lore’ skill. That was going to be really helpful when testing new combinations or troubleshooting his failed projects.
Ritualistic Alchemy (Novice VIII). You have gained an understanding of how to create alchemical items! 10+n% chance to create ‘Common’ ranked alchemic items such as potions, where n = skill level! Each rank higher than ‘Common’ lowers chances of creation by a factor of ten! Example: chance to create uncommon alchemical items: ((10+n)/10)%. Rare: ((10+n)/100)%
Alchemical Lore (Novice VI). Many are satisfied with the end result of their potions, and simply follow the recipes to the letter time and again. You have started to dive deeply into the why of alchemy. +1n% to creation of alchemical items, where n = skill level.
It was extremely telling that, even with learning from someone that Joe suspected was at or above the Master rank in alchemy, Joe was only able to reach Novice eight in the skill. He pushed upward, frustrated at the slow progression. If any alchemist would have known his thoughts on that matter, they would have happily tossed a ‘Flask of Bottled Explosions’ at him. There was a reason alchemy was rare. It required high intelligence, dexterity, and extreme perception to get anything correct. It also had one of the highest reclass rates of all Eternium base classes, even higher than enchanter.
“I have no idea why you’re coming back here and doing this almost every day,” the trainer stated while shoveling coal onto Joe. “You do realize that without staying the entire time, you are only torturing yourself, right?”
“What if I’m just trying to get used to uncomfortable situations? Or I’m planning to dive into a volcano?” Joe shot back, his frustration leaking through and onto the trainer. Everyone seemed to want to tell him how he should be progressing, and it was getting tedious. “This is helping me do what I want to do, that's all. Okay?”
“Chill, man. Just trying to help.” The next coal that was tossed on was a lot hotter than the ones before it. “Oops.”
Joe knew without checking that Hammerwords had activated again and he had lost reputation with this guy. Great. At least his training was just ending, and he gained a strength and constitution point. “Not cool, man. Not cool.”
Joe tossed the shield to the side and walked away, pulling a glowing battery out of his codpiece. “Knowledge. Alchemical Lore.”
Skill increase: Alchemical Lore (Novice VII).
Skill increase: Knowledge (Novice II).
He basked in the feeling of everything he had learned the previous day becoming just that much clearer. It wasn't a huge amount, but it helped him connect the dots on a few subjects. One thing was still just a touch out of focus, and Joe had a vague feeling that he needed to hold his hands in certain positions to maximize the potential of the ingredients… it was gone. Drat.
Alchemy seemed to be illogical. It was supposed to be a cross between cooking and chemistry, but that was thinking about it from a mundane perspective. Even though the magic of the process was coming from the ingredients that were added, it was still magic. Joe decided that he was going to go work on some simple, logical, geometric rituals to take his mind off the ‘art’ of Alchemy. He rubbed his face and felt some soot, frowning at how much slower his aura ability cleaned him compared to Cleanse.
“Pardon me… Mr. Joe, I believe?” The sweet voice calling his name made Joe frown and look around for the source. An unbelievably beautiful woman was walking toward him. She was wearing a professional outfit, and had her hair pulled back into a ponytail. She reached out and shook his hand, “I’ve been looking for you. I am here representing the Architect’s Union, which is what the previous Guild has restructured into after the change of ownership and management. I have a proposition for you.”
“You’re here to proposition me?” Joe spoke without thinking. “That is… I didn’t mean-”
“Please don’t worry about it.” She blinked a few times and got back on track. “My name is Daniella, and I have an offer from you from the Union. We would like to offer you the chance to study any buildings in the city that we own, or those we can pull in favors from. Otherwise, we can offer you a few blueprints that you may use at your leisure.”
“I see… and what’s the catch?” Joe narrowed his eyes and tried to gauge how high her charisma must be to impact him so significantly even despite his huge wisdom score. It had to be at least third tier, probably in the early one hundreds.
“I’ll be frank.” Daniella lowered her chin and locked eyes with him. “We’ve been watching what you are capable of, and management is concerned that you are going to put us out of business if you go out on the open market. By giving you free access, you will need to agree that you will only make buildings for yourself or your Guild.”
Joe really liked her direct attitude, even though it seemed slightly artificial. That meant either that her ‘Union’ had really been studying him, that her charisma was filling in the gaps for her, or a little of both. “Hmm… I can get behind that. Slight change. Myself, my Guild, and my family. Also, that limitation applies only in this Zone. I plan to leave Midgard, and I don't want to be bound by the rules of an organization that is here when I am fighting to survive somewhere else.”
“Done.” Daniella shook his hand. “I’ll get the contracts ready. Is there anything you need from me?”
“I need a fat stack of high-quality blueprint paper at cost.” Joe pulled out a bank note for fifty gold and handed it over. “I’ll need that well before we get started.”
“I can have it delivered today…” Daniella looked at the note and winced as she realized how much paper that could buy when it was sold at cost.
“Get it here by noon, and we can start tomorrow morning,” Joe cheerfully informed her.
“I didn't expect you to be so… decisive. Done.” Daniella nodded and walked away, calling back with, “I’ll add the at-cost paper to the contract. If you don’t sign, you’ll need to pay current market value!”
“Then make sure not to put any stupid clauses in the contract!” Joe yelled after her vanishing form. “Hmm. Gonna have to read that contract carefully. Hopefully Tatum will help me find any hidden sections.”
By lunch, a courier sprinted up to Joe and handed over a large, well-wrapped box full of blueprint paper. Joe tipped him ten copper and got straight to work. He rounded up his Coven members and assigned them a task, “Taka, Kirby, Rob, Big_Mo, Hannah… sorry about this, but I need us to sit down and just make an unholy amount of this ritual diagram.”
The group looked at the diagram for Architect’s Fury and discussed how they could separate out tasks. It was Big_Mo who came up with the real issue. “Joe, I want to do this, but it's a Student ranked ritual. I’m still a Novice with ritual magic. It’ll just explode if I try to make it.”
He had a point. Joe had them all sit together at a table and tried to figure out a plan. “Alright… here’s what we’re going to do. Hannah, with the highest rank after me, is a solid Beginner that is getting close to Apprentice. Teaching moment here: since this is a Student ranked ritual, there are still two circles that each of you can draw up with a high probability of success. We are all going to make a diagram with the highest circles we can, then divide the work up.”
“Those with the lowest ranks will draw the first Novice circles, then the next group does the Beginner ones. When Hannah hits Apprentice rank, she’ll do those as well. Whatever can't get done is something I’ll do. Also, I’ll come around and make sure things are looking correct as we get started. That should help boost your productivity, grant a boost to leveling up your skills, and even help me rank up my teaching skill. Oh… never mind, I added that skill to a skill combo. Shoot.”
Joe grinned at the confused faces. “Are you all waiting for an invitation? Let’s make the magic happen!”
Chapter Ten
Daniella arrived at the same time she had the day before, just after Joe finished his hot-coal training. The extra point of strength and constitution was just enough for him to fully ignore a sleepless night. He had taken a peek under his shirt, and was pleased to see the first hints of beautiful abdominal muscles.
“Joe, are you ready to begin the day?”
“Good morning, Daniella.” Joe responded calmly, just as the last hints of sweat vanished thanks to his aura.
Skill increase: Neutrality Aura (Apprentice 0): Your constant usage of this skill has made it feel all warm and tingly toward you. Mana reserved from mana pool to keep this skill active has decreased from 8% to 7%.
“Have you decided whether to take some unique blueprints from us, or to make your own based on what we can find in the city?” Daniella continued her line of questioning even as the air around Joe seemed to grow just a single shade darker. Not that she didn't notice; her duty was to notice details. She simply didn't feel the need to comment.
“I will certainly study buildings, thank you.” Joe replied coyly. Daniella squinted as though felt a headache coming on, but she simply nodded and turned to walk toward Ardania. He reached out a hand to forestall her. “Wait. Follow me for a moment? I’d prefer not to walk all the way back to the city.”
“Oh, you have transport? That will make things easier.” Daniella followed him past an enclosure of various beasts. “Do you have a two-person mount? A carriage…? Where are we going?”
“Just trust me.” Joe snorted softly as he held in a laugh. Perhaps he shouldn't be showing her his ability to fast-travel, but this was going to be a show of strength that he could use to his advantage in the future. They walked into the Pathfinder’s Hall, and Joe saw Daniella try to stop herself from gasping. She failed, much to his pleasure.
The building was dark, but the interior was entirely open, except for the central pillar and the small booths designated for plotting out classes and skills. There was enough light to see the entire space, reflected from the glossy surfaces and galaxy-style points of light interspersed throughout. It felt like walking through space, and Joe knew exactly how amazing it was to walk through the building. Even more, he knew that an architect would nearly be forced to drool when they saw it for the first time.
“Oh, I suppose you haven't been allowed in here before,” Joe spoke nonchalantly, taking the long way around to the temple. “Have you been in many Artifact-rarity buildings, then? I know it doesn’t look nearly as interesting from outside.”
“Artifact…!” Daniella caught herself and took a deep breath. “I would love to know more about this building. For instance… I don’t suppose that you have an extra copy of the blueprints?”
“I don’t.” Joe wasn't lying; he had given the blueprints to the Scholars. Seeing her disappointed look, he continued. “Though, I can remake the building after I get my skill into the Master ranks.”
“Oh…” She shook her head at that and changed the subject. Not a great sign. How difficult was it to actually reach the Master ranks? “Normally we work with tier one, common-ranked buildings. Seeing something like this is usually reserved for those at the palace or the Mage’s College.”
“About that, what’s up with the distinction between ‘tier one’ and ‘common’? I thought that was essentially the same thing?” Joe coughed and blushed, not that it could be seen in the dark. “At least, I’ve been using those terms interchangeably.”
“Ah. Easy enough.” Daniella tore her eyes off the ceiling that seemed to show the far reaches of space. “There are two terms because the blueprint may be of a higher tier than the actual workmanship. A tier-one building means that the blueprint will make a common-ranked building if everything is done to specification. However, if you give that to a carpenter and they mess it up, you might end up with a tier-one design, but a trash building.”
“Conversely, give that same blueprint to a Master Carpenter, and they may improve upon it during the actual crafting. That’s how you get variations, but the base design is still only a tier one. It might be an Uncommon tier one, but there is only so much you can do to a place and have it remain the same building. Now, if a new blueprint is made from that building, it would be an uncommon blueprint, or tier two.”
Joe nodded along as they walked. “So, the tier is all about what it should be, and the rarity is about the final product. Makes sense to me. Here we are.”
Daniella had thought that she was done being amazed by the building, but as her eyes drank in the river, trees, fires, and dark shadows that whispered about hidden secrets… she couldn't help but gaze around like a tourist. “How did you manage… this is not…”
Deciding to rescue her, Joe released a happy sigh and looked around the temple. “So, if I am correct, this building - the Pathfinder’s Hall, going by your measurement - is a tier six, Artifact-rarity building. That means that the blueprints were Artifact, and the final result was Artifact, correct?”
“Yes… that would be correct.” Daniella’s voice was faint.
“Good… ready to go? Another function of this building is…”
Would you like to accept the teleportation request from Joe ‘Tatum’s Chosen Legend’? Destination: Ardania Town Square. Yes / No.
“…Yes.” Daniella stated, just before the two of them vanished from Towny McTownface.
Joe blinked at the sudden bright morning light that washed over the two of them. “Ardania. Perfect. Shall we get to it?”
Mind reeling, Daniella started walking. Slowly at first, then faster and with more purpose, as she snapped out of her passion-for-new-buildings fugue. She was nothing if not a consummate professional, and the fact that Joe had been able to catch her off guard so fully made her fluctuate between flattered and embarrassed. “The… first option I have for you to take a look at is a specialty store. This store is focused on high-end products, and has agreed - however begrudgingly - to allow you entrance to try to make up your own blueprints.”
“I see. Is this the only place I get to look into?” Joe was already reconsidering the deal. He hadn't signed anything yet, after all…
“No, of course not.” Daniella pulled out a short contract and handed it over for Joe to examine. “You are allowed to go to any of the structures that we have had a hand in building, so long as it is not a restricted access area. Then, even our clout can't get you close. You simply need an architect with you, and section three-dot-two-dot-one stipulates that we have twenty hours to provide you with a person upon request.”
“I see.” Joe read over the contract, and found that some of it was a strange flat grey color. His ability to read the truth was being interfered with somehow. “This section… can you put that in more simple terms for me?”
“Ah, yes. Legalese.” Daniella looked at the section, “This is what I had just told you: we have twenty hours to get you an architect upon request.”
“No, here. The next line.”
Daniella glanced at it and gave him a quizzical glance. “This line clearly states that you agree to give us the needed twenty hours to provide you with an architect.”
“Clearly?” Joe started to read the text in an aloof manner. “Upon signing, the signatories consent to the aforementioned plurality of allotted time for the provision of an attendant companion, whereupon the restrictions of section three-dot-one-dot-three are considered fulfilled.”
He looked up at Daniella and shook his head. “Lot of recursive calls in there. You know… the document referencing itself. Makes it seem like you are trying to hide things in the text to ‘get’ me.”
“Would you like to create a different contract for us to work with?” Daniella pulled out blank parchment and a quill. They stepped into a small cafe and she wrote out in clear language what they had been discussing. When it was finished to both of their satisfaction, the document was less than a single page long. “You know that a simple contract like this, while easy to understand, leaves much less to be interpreted. It will be very hard to find any workarounds.”
