
*****************************************************
*****************************************************
Your ebook has decrypted.
The TXT file just save 20% of ebook content.
Please register the software, then get all contents and the valid ebook format.
*****************************************************
*****************************************************


    SENSE
Book Three of A TOUCH OF POWER Series
Written by Jay Boyce
© 2020 Jay Boyce. All rights reserved. No portion of this book may be reproduced in any form without permission from the publisher, except as permitted by US copyright law.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, businesses, companies, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Table of Contents
Acknowledgments
Newsletter
Prologue
Chapter One – Sense and Sensibility
Chapter Two – Flight
Chapter Three – Vantage
Chapter Four – Outpost
Chapter Five – Encounter
Chapter Six – Pollen
Chapter Seven – Motives
Chapter Eight – Truth
Chapter Nine – Misdirection
Chapter Ten – Taint
Chapter Eleven – Flight
Chapter Twelve – Cost
Chapter Thirteen – Beann
Chapter Fourteen – Return
Chapter Fifteen – Reunion
Chapter Sixteen – Responsibility
Chapter Seventeen – Insight
Chapter Eighteen – Lightbringer
Chapter Nineteen – Arrangements
Chapter Twenty – Alive
Chapter Twenty-One – Explanations
Chapter Twenty-Two – Dissemination
Chapter Twenty-Three – Body
Chapter Twenty-Four – Siothuil
Chapter Twenty-Five – Funeral
Chapter Twenty-Six – Slaughteryard
Chapter Twenty-Seven – Help
Chapter Twenty-Eight – Unstoppable
Chapter Twenty-Nine – Rain
Chapter Thirty – Delegations
Chapter Thirty-One – Jeremy
Chapter Thirty-Two – Testing
Chapter Thirty-Three – Rooland
Chapter Thirty-Four – Advocate
Chapter Thirty-Five – Formalities
Chapter Thirty-Six – Breathe
Chapter Thirty-Seven – Earth
Chapter Thirty-Eight – Wall
Chapter Thirty-Nine – Stories
Chapter Forty – Burn
Chapter Forty-One – Mothers
Chapter Forty-Two – Niloi
Chapter Forty-Three – Challenge
Chapter Forty-Four – Zoo
Chapter Forty-Five – Dress
Chapter Forty-Six – Celebrate
Epilogue – Call
Afterword
About Jay Boyce
About Mountaindale Press
Mountaindale Press Titles
GameLit and LitRPG
Appendix
Abbreviated Timeline of Events
Acknowledgments
There are far too many friends, family, and fans who made this book possible for me to name them all, but I want to say thank you. Thank you for your love, support, and encouragement in hard times. Thank you for reaching out and sharing your stories with me. The wonderful people around me have made it possible for me to share my story with you, and I thank them and God with all my heart. Writing may be a solo task, but publishing a book takes a community. Thank you for being mine.
Happy reading!
Newsletter
Don’t miss out on future releases! Sign up for the Mountaindale Press newsletter to stay up to date. And as always, thank you for your support! You are the reason we’re able to bring these stories to life.
Prologue
Aibrean 4, 392
Report on the traveler Jade Winward.
Jade arrived on Fomhar 17 in one of the rooms at The Green Dragon. Reports state that she visited the healer Mike before making a name for herself as a zombie healer in the streets, where her existence came to our attention. She also visited and was rejected from the library, making contact with The Glass Phoenix afterward to light sculptures. An interview was arranged for the 18th, where she demonstrated multiple magics and was given a library pass and study room to familiarize herself with the customs of our world. She was particularly motivated by books.
Jade met Prince William on the morning of the 19th, who escorted her to meet the royal family. She then went to the library to receive her class schedule and was taken shopping by the princesses, who seem rather attached to her. The blood magic classroom at Dracona was converted to her workshop.
On the 20th, Jade had a near miss with death. She has a special ability called accelerated growth that she uses at night. It has caused significant physical changes, to the point where she doesn’t remotely resemble the same person who arrived. Her body couldn’t support the rampant growth she forced upon it, and Mike barely saved her. She spent most of the rest of the day in her room at the library before being attacked by a mesmer on her walk home. It seems her blood is a potent attraction for them. She barely managed to attract the attention of the guards, who then killed the creature.
On the 21st, Jade visited the guards who’ve been attacked by mesmer and healed the taint left behind, though she has not shared the knowledge of how to do this with any of the other healers, as far as we’ve been able to discover. She also identified a doppelganger using her magic, as well as providing plans for a trap to stop mesmer attacks in the future. She showed an aversion to having guards by trapping her escort in the compound with a wind wall in order to explore the city. We have confirmed that she went to the church and attended a telling before returning to the library to read. Other stops are suspected, but not confirmed.
Jade started school with the other students on Aibrean 1st. She is receiving private tutoring in archery and small blades, as well as spending time healing students in the infirmary. She had a run in with Brodie in her fire class, and contracted five queen fellacai and their mates during her contractual magic class. She visited the art gallery after her business class, where it has been confirmed that she met and healed Duke Vincent. Of note is that she had an altercation with the gate guards at Dracona and retaliated with magic. A second mesmer attack occurred while she was on the roof of The Green Dragon, and she managed to kill or knock out three mesmer before help arrived. Also of note is that Jade has figured out my capacity as spymaster and asked that we stop following her.
Aibrean 2nd, Jade visited the guards again. She has taken Frank’s kidnapping by the mesmer personally, and called a Hunt. She left her guards at the compound again, and we’ve traced her purchase of crystals to Keenan’s Stone. Other stops may have been made before she reached Dracona, but have not been confirmed. After healing students, she went to her workshop and attempted to create a weapon which exploded on her. She managed to eliminate all the evidence very quickly. She is receiving private tutoring from Delaney, and bonded two fellacai to her. Reports thus far indicate that the bond is stable. She insisted on performing a contract with Brodie as well to prevent future harm, and promised to take him on the Hunt. She managed to convince Count Edmund to change his lesson to be entirely about Basaigh Woods before attending the water magic class. In her light magic class, she threw a fit at the lack of progress and took over the class to create more offensive and defensive breakthroughs. The amount of instant damage she can create and heal is growing at an astounding rate.
On Aibrean 3rd, Jade participated in the intermediate obstacle course and made it through on her first try, even with four people shooting arrows she’d enchanted at her. She attended archery and small blades after healing. Lightning and illusion seem to have passed without incident, though she attacked my assistant when he startled her in dark magic. It seems to have upset her beyond what would be normally accounted for. It’s possible the stress of a new world and the attacks are placing great strain on her mind. She also seems to lack clothing boundaries, or awareness of how her changes affect those around her. She has figured out that I used compulsion on her several times, though she did not pursue it further.
Aibrean 4th, Jade visited the Gates while using illusion magic and lied to gain access to the dukes. She also uncovered another doppelganger and helped conduct an interrogation. The results are included after this report. The dukes taught her how to make spatial bags, and she adapted the concept to create ‘rings of holding,’ as she calls them. After a failure to learn spiritual magic and a lesson in life magic from Queen Ashanna, Jade spent the time attaching illusory images to crystals of a wide variety of things from her world that she wished to create, and enlisted us to help her create a business and production line. Metal and wind classes passed with only a small altercation with Duchess Ri’Tine that appears to be resolved. She performed a miracle after dinner by healing Kevin Elliot’s foot with the help of Scylla, Mike, Cody, and their apprentices. She made it to The Green Dragon afterward without incident, where she stayed during the mesmer raid and moved the Hunt up. They leave in the morning.
Conclusions:
Jade is kind and thoughtful when treated well, but lashes out against those who disrespect her in any way. She can be persuaded by books, food, raw materials, and works of art. She does not react well to being watched or told she cannot do something. While she does not seem to want to fight, she is uniquely suited for it and tends to blame herself for things out of her control, which leads to a sense of duty. Her charisma, stats, and learning skills are growing in leaps and bounds. It is assumed that she will quickly be beyond any power to control by force, and it is highly recommended that she is kept as an ally. It is also believed that she has become the target of a Dark One. Spies have been sent out to try and gather more information from our neighboring countries.
If she survives the hunt, she will be a very powerful ally, with the potential to become an enemy we cannot control.
S.
Chapter One – Sense and Sensibility
Day Ten
Jade’s senses were screaming in bitter agony, every cell in her body begging for relief. The familiar terror of weakness held her tightly in its grasp. She grasped at the red dots filling her mental vision, trying to comprehend what they were telling her.
Warning: You have siphoned more than your body can currently accommodate. Time spent adapting has been doubled. Adaptable reduces penalty by half.
Warning: Your body lacks the energy to complete the siphon changes.
There was food next to her, but she knew she’d never reach it. Her brain felt like she was slogging through mud before she finally remembered that she was in a room filled with magical light. With a mental yank, she began to drain the energy of the light around her, grateful she’d lit it up brighter than a Christmas tree. Relief hit her veins like a soothing breeze and she felt her muscles slowly unclenching from their taut positions.
As soon as she was able to move, she reached next to her and began eating quickly in the new darkness. The light saved her. She finally became aware of her babies fluttering anxiously around her and took a few minutes to soothe them. A glance at her pocket watch confirmed that it was about six, and that she still had at least three cycles of her siphoning to go through. When she finally felt full again, she moved wearily to her writing supplies and jotted out a quick note, sticking it through the small crack beneath the door.
She put the right mirror on her desk before slumping back to her bed in exhaustion. She lay down, falling into a fitful sleep, grateful that the red box had gone away. She’d deal with everything else when she woke up again.
***
You know, most people who got transmigrated did it because they were hit by a truck-kun. Has the universe decided that because I came peacefully, I get to perpetually feel like I got hit by a truck-kun? She mused on the doings of truck-kun as she absorbed the precious rays of sunlight filtering in through her window in an attempt to alleviate the weakness she still felt aching in her bones. She didn’t want to move, instead choosing to bask in the sunshine on her face.
Sense told her yesterday that this was her last siphoning before she left for the hunt and she needed all the help she could get. Sensibility should have told her that trying to siphon almost two hundred and fifty people at the same time was a terrible idea. Or maybe it was the twenty five people who’d had advanced skills. Apparently, the people going through the gate were higher-end prospects. She supposed it made sense that the people who’d lived longer and dedicated their lives to their trades would have higher skill levels.
“She’s awake, but she’s still absorbing light, so I think she’s still recovering.” She heard Kaylee’s voice near her desk. She finally stopped absorbing light, feeling moderately better as the darkness faded around her and she opened her eyes. Sure enough, there was Kaylee, sitting at her desk in front of piles of food while talking into a mirror. She smiled wearily as Kaylee stood, bringing the mirror closer. “Jade, there you are! Countess D’Ard wants to speak with you.”
Nodding, Jade took the mirror gingerly, coming mirror-to-face with a haggard looking Marcelle. The countess looked like she’d barely slept all night, which was a bit how Jade felt herself. She felt her babies alight on her hair as Marcelle’s eyes widened a little, but she shook her head almost imperceptibly and greeted her. “Jade, it’s good to see you’re awake. Thank you for having a message sent to me. Our people are ready, just resting by the gate until you arrive.”
Smiling, Jade nodded again. “Thank you, Marcelle, and I’m sorry for the delay. I bit off a bit more than I could chew last night. I’m going to eat and change, then I’ll head straight there. Maybe you should get a little rest before I arrive?” Her voice was kind as she tried to not so subtly suggest that the woman take a break.
Marcelle laughed softly, shaking her head. “I’ll do that. But I think it might take you a little longer to reach the walls than you’re anticipating. Don’t worry about it; we’ll leave when you’re here. I sent my best trackers out last night, and they’re following the trail as far as they can to give us a direction.” She must have seen the worry on Jade’s face, because she quickly followed up, “They’ve checked in with mirrors, and they’re fine. I’ll see you soon.” Before Jade could say anything else, Marcelle ended the connection.
She started to shake her head ruefully when she caught sight of herself in the mirror. While everything appeared basically the same, she could tell there were minor differences. She played with her hair, noting that, while it was still soft and sleek, it was incredibly strong. Her eyes seemed to almost glow from within, and she was a dentist’s dream. After staring for a moment at the changes, she put the mirror away into her ring with a flick of her hand, glancing up at Kaylee. “Thanks for delivering my message and watching over me.”
Kaylee grinned at her. “It’s a good thing you left that note. We still had to soothe a few ruffled feathers and stop people from barging in here. I think the fact that your little queens were guarding you so fiercely was the final deterrent for most of them.” She giggled a little, shaking her head. “I’ve never seen them like that before. I’d have said they were little old aunties scolding anyone who tried to go near you!”
“We protected.” Ramoth’s tiny voice came to her mind, and Jade was inundated with images of the people who’d come to her door that morning. She tried to hide her grin and failed.
“You did wonderful. Thank you, my loves.” Jade mentally soothed her babies and they took wing around the room. She inspected her dimly-lit chamber, noting that the only light now came from the window. She’d fully depleted the light energy she and Lucas filled the room with the other day. Apparently, violent draining could destroy the permanent connection. Glancing at Kaylee again, she squared her shoulders. “Thank you, for everything. It’s time for me to get ready.”
Kaylee nodded a little sadly. “I understand. Please, come back safe. Also, just so it doesn’t surprise you...there’s a bit of a procession to the gate. I think most of the city is waiting to see you off.” She smiled, then scooted out the door and closed it behind her before Jade could fully process and ask questions. Jade snuck over to her window, peeking out of it only to find that the streets were…half filled. There was a very clear lane down the middle, and people were standing there, talking to their neighbors and...waiting.
Drawing away from the window, she quickly returned to the desk, scarfing down food before grabbing her clothes and heading to the bathroom. Her figure didn’t seem to have changed much, thankfully, though she realized she needed to be careful with her strength again. As she was washing up and plaiting her hair into a side braid, she called up her notifications to see if the pain and risk had been worth it.
The first thing she addressed was the blinking green dot, though she had an idea of what was coming.
Congratulations! Because you have acquired a basic understanding of Appraisal, Diplomacy, Haggle, Information Gathering, Intimidate, Mathematics, Persuasion, Sense Motive, Speed Reading, and Writing, your skills have combined. You will forevermore be known as a Merchant.
Well, that hadn’t been quite what she was expecting, but it was still nice. She mentally noted the different skills so she could tell Eric. She was also a little bit grateful. Her skill list was getting so large, and having it be compacted, even if only a little, helped her to be able to keep track of things. With that in mind, she pulled up her profile next, ignoring the skills section until she could pull up the list separately.
Name: Jade Winward
Age: 18
Strength: 23.63
Dexterity: 22.78
Constitution: 23.77
Intelligence: 24.7
Magic: 27.12
Charisma: 21.38
Luck: 20.83
Special Abilities: Adaptable, Keen Senses, Siphon2
She stood there, gaping at the mirror a bit. Sure, she’d prioritized taking the magic stat, but...she hadn’t expected it to jump a full eight points! Strength and constitution were up by five, dexterity and charisma by four, intelligence and luck by three.
She pulled up her skills list, mentally comparing it with yesterday morning. The two new skills on her list were aura manipulation and disguise; aura she’d taken from the doppelganger and then discovered went up after her lesson with Ashanna, and disguise came from her illusions around town. She’d even found two life mages who had aura in their list. Of course, the merged skills were missing now, and merchant had been added, but she didn’t count that as new, merely changed.
Accessorycraft
Intermediate 4
41%
Acrobatics
Intermediate 10
27%
Animal Handling
Intermediate 5
66%
Archery
Intermediate 10
6%
Athletics
Advanced 2
5%
Aura Manipulation
Beginner 9
65%
Bluff
Intermediate 10
38%
Cleaning
Beginner 10
59%
Climbing
Intermediate 2
75%
Cold Resistance
Beginner 10
61%
Compulsion Magic
Intermediate 5
45%
Contractual Magic
Intermediate 8
70%
Danger Sense
Intermediate 10
54%
Death Magic
Beginner 7
45%
Deception
Intermediate 10
20%
Disguise
Intermediate 5
54%
Dodge
Intermediate 10
12%
Eating
Intermediate 9
69%
Elementalist
Advanced 8
43%
Engineering
Intermediate 4
52%
Firearms
Beginner 6
37%
Flight
Intermediate 3
89%
Glasscraft
Beginner 6
53%
Gravity Magic
Intermediate 2
50%
Healing Magic
Advanced 3
6%
Heat Resistance
Intermediate 6
24%
Herbology
Intermediate 3
66%
Hypnotize
Intermediate 3
29%
Illusion Magic
Intermediate 10
70%
Insight
Advanced 3
30%
Life Magic
Intermediate 3
35%
Light Armor
Intermediate 2
37%
Magic Resistance
Intermediate 5
52%
Mana Sense
Intermediate 7
21%
Mental Fortitude
Advanced 4
43%
Merchant
Advanced 10
12%
Modeling
Intermediate 5
82%
Navigation
Intermediate 6
79%
Pain Tolerance
Advanced 1
15%
Perception
Advanced 3
11%
Perseverance
Intermediate 10
71%
Poison Resistance
Beginner 8
99%
Resilient
Intermediate 8
6%
Riding
Beginner 9
61%
Running
Intermediate 8
96%
Shock Resistance
Beginner 9
89%
Singing
Intermediate 2
20%
Sleight of Hand
Advanced 1
10%
Small Blades
Intermediate 8
91%
Spatial Magic
Intermediate 7
9%
Stealth
Intermediate 5
19%
Stun Resistance
Beginner 9
3%
Summoning Magic
Beginner 4
65%
Swimming
Beginner 6
77%
Tailoring
Intermediate 1
8%
Tracking
Beginner 10
86%
Unarmed Combat
Intermediate 9
2%
Walking
Advanced 1
20%
Well, it seemed merchant was now her highest skill, on the cusp of...whatever the next level was. She realized she didn’t know what the next level was, but figured she’d find out soon enough. It was interesting though, because two of the combined skills were at advanced 2 and 4, some of her highest. Apparently the learning curve got a lot steeper the further along you got. Made sense.
Elementalist was her next highest at advanced 8, and animal handling, athletics, healing, insight, mental fortitude, and perception all increased by one or two levels. Pain tolerance, sleight of hand, and walking had also broken the barrier into advanced. Climbing, gravity magic, life magic, spatial magic, and tailoring all broke into intermediate. Those were the most notable changes, though almost everything went up at least a level. Only compulsion magic, danger sense, herbology, magic resistance, modeling, perseverance, running, shock resistance, and small blades hadn’t gone up more than a few percent. Cleaning and firearms were the ones that didn’t change at all, but she hadn’t expected them to.
Satisfied that her progress was worth the pain, she finished up and went back to her room to make sure she didn’t forget anything. She thought about putting her little tree into her ring so she could pull it out for her babies, then rejected the idea and decided to grow them a new one because she still didn’t know the aftereffects of putting living things in spatial storages. Instead, she expanded her ring on impulse. Something made her feel like she would need it.
Thanks to Kaylee’s warning, she wasn’t totally surprised to find the common room packed as she walked down the stairs. They must’ve cancelled classes today, because aside from Raphael, Jessica, and Kaylee, she also saw Will, Camille, and Victor standing to one side, Eric, Stephen, Lucas, and Jarom with them. Jackson, Evan, and Adam stood with Ian, Mathis, Chloe, Travis, and Steven, and she was glad they’d become friendly after her introduction.
Tristan stood with Randal and Dante, and she figured the assistant teachers were sticking together. Carter, Brady, Delaney, Edmund, Rachtin, Eamonn, Aiden, Vincent, Shara, and even Morpheus stood from the table where they were sitting when she entered the room, and she smiled fondly at her teachers. She noticed Glen, Jayce, Angus, Seamus, Bryoni, Chase, Jeffrey, and even Kevin beaming happily at her behind them. Nearer the door stood Mike and Elisa holding hands and chatting with Sharon, little Tina, and Damien.
Nearly everyone she’d come to know and care about in the last week was there. Even though it was a solemn occasion, saying goodbye, hopefully not, but maybe for the last time...she had a bright smile on her face. In the quiet that descended on the room, she spoke gently, “Thank you all for coming to see me off.” She opened her mouth to continue, but found she didn’t know what to say. There were a few nervous chuckles before people started to move forward.
“Remember, you promised to come back safely. I’m holding you to that. And here, take this food with you. Heaven knows you’ll probably need it.” Jessica spoke for her and Kaylee, pushing a large bag into Jade’s arms, which she quickly deposited into her ring so she could hug them. Her conversations with the rest of the room were along a similar vein as they hugged her and told her to take care. Only Eric’s was noticeably different, with her giving him an extremely quick rundown of her new merchant skill and what went into it. She promised to keep in touch via her mirrors, which seemed to appease them somewhat.
At the door she took a deep breath, straightening her spine and donning a calm smile as Mike opened it for her. She inclined her head ever so slightly to him in thanks, aware that there were a great many eyes now focused on her. She stepped into the sunshine with the royals right behind her, showing their determination to see her off as far as they could.
“May the heavens bless the traveler!” She recognized the voice, belatedly realizing that it was the man she heard orating in the church. The cry was taken up by other voices in the crowd, the roar almost deafening as people showed their support? Faith? She wasn’t really sure what.
At least people weren’t throwing flowers or palm leaves. She already felt a bit sacrilegious at the procession. She was only a normal girl who’d been thrown into a world where she was trying to survive and thrive. She had no desire to be a messenger or avatar of the gods, or even the target of the mesmer and a Dark One. All she wanted was to live peacefully and comfortably, and now she was off on a war raid.
Just where was the sensibility in that?
Chapter Two – Flight
Jade couldn’t decide if it felt like a funeral procession or a parade. There was hope in the faces around her, but it was simply a mask over the shadow of sorrow. They knew disaster had fallen upon the royal family, but dreamed she would deliver what she promised.
She felt her danger sense tingling, but it was her keen vision that picked out the tiny figure trying to push through the crowd. She saw the exact moment the young boy managed to make it to the front, only to trip and go flying forward in front of the crowd. Diving toward the little one, her heart lurched as she realized she was too far away to catch him. It was only after he hit the ground hard that she realized she could have used her wind magic. Mentally cursing herself, she continued to race forward even as the boy sniffled and began to cry.
“There, there; it’s okay. You’re all right.” Jade was there, her hands lifting the small child. With a twitch of her fingers, the dirt flew away from his clothes and face as she straightened his clothes and hair. The tiny boy stared at her in awe while she healed the small scratches he’d gotten. He couldn’t be more than three years old, and he was gaping at her with huge blue eyes. She smiled at him, asking softly, “What’s your name?”
He tucked his thumb into his mouth and mumbled around it, “Henwy.”
Smiling, she nodded as she remained crouched at his level. “It’s nice to meet you, Henry. Can I help you find your parents?” He nodded and she beamed, scooping him into her arms as she turned to meet the curious gazes of the crowd. She turned to the little one, asking softly, “Can you see them?” As he shook his head in denial, she nodded again.
Concentrating, she made them lighter until they started to float into the air. Over the gasps of the crowd, she heard a panicked voice from her left. “Henry? Henry, where’d you go? Henry!?”
She pinpointed the mother as a harried looking young woman who was clutching a small baby girl to her chest. She was searching the area around her frantically, ignoring the fact that everyone else broke out into excited whispers at Jade’s display. Motioning to the woman, Jade asked Henry in a whisper, “Is that your mom?” When he nodded, she smiled, lowering them back to the ground and walking towards the woman. The crowd parted before her until she was face to face with the woman.
Her eyes were wide with fright as she realized Jade was holding her son. She dropped into a deep curtsey, saying softly, “Lady Jade, I’m so sorry if my son has bothered you!”
“Please, stand up. He was no bother at all.” Jade let little Henry down, and he was smiling up at her as he grabbed her hand.
“Mommy, we fwew!” Henry happily announced his news, much to the horror of his mother, who’d started to stand up straight only to freeze at his pronouncement. Jade reached forward, touching her shoulder gently and pulling her upright. She tucked a curl behind the baby girl’s ear, smiling.
“You have very beautiful children. Take care now. Stay with your mother, Henry. Okay? Don’t make her worry.” She gave the little boy as serious of a look as she could manage with a smile, and he nodded solemnly, transferring his tiny hand from hers to his mom’s.
“Thank you.” Her voice was almost lost in the cacophony of voices all around her, but Jade waved her thanks off and turned, walking back through the parted crowd to the walkway, nodding to the royals before she continued on as if nothing happened, head held high.
Her babies had been sitting so quietly on her braid, and she smiled as a thought occurred. She paused, holding her hand out. One by one, they alighted as she gave them trails of dark sparkles that could be seen in the bright sunshine. “Fly around me; let them see your beauty.” She mentally asked her babies to obey, and they happily flitted through the air to the ‘oohs’ and ‘ahhs’ of the crowd.
She may not be able to do much, but she could leave them with an image of confidence and wonder. She could give them hope. So she smiled until they reached the gate.
The makeup of the crowd shifted from civilian to uniformed guards. As she passed through the gates of the inner wall, all civilians except the royal family were left behind. Instead, she was met by a group of people supervised by Marcelle. Several people behind her were tending to animals that, if she had to describe, were something of a cross between a horse and a reindeer.
“Jade! You’re here. Wonderful. Let’s get you set up with a capall and then we can be off.” Marcelle walked over, greeting Jade with a kiss to the cheek. Jade reached out, grabbing her hand before she could pull away. She sent a healing surge through the woman, easing her exhaustion and giving her a personal vitality buff. Marcelle visibly straightened, a grateful smile on her face. “Thank you. I needed that.”
Nodding, Jade smiled and said softly, “I’ll be right there. Just going to say goodbye.” Marcelle nodded, and she turned back to Victor, Camille, and Will. She scanned the assembled crowd, and noticed one person conspicuously absent. “Your dad decided to not let Brodie come, didn’t he?”
Victor and Will exchanged glances before looking back at her. Victor nodded. “Yes, he decided...we couldn’t risk anyone else…”
Jade smiled, patting him on the shoulder. “It’s okay, I understand. I’ll bring them back for you. Have a little faith in me.” She hugged each of them once more as she said quietly, “I’ll stay in touch. It’s going to be okay.” They nodded reluctantly, and she turned, approaching where she spotted Christopher holding the reins of a slimmer capall. She smiled at his nervous look and asked quietly, “Is this one for me?”
He started, only now seeming to notice her as he quickly nodded. “Jade! Yes, this is Daisy. She should treat you well. Do you know how to ride?”
Shaking her head, she smiled. “Not at all, but I’ll learn quickly, I’m sure.” I kinda have to, she added mentally. He nodded, helping her up to the padded saddle as he explained the different commands Daisy was used to. She paused, looking down at him from her high seat. “You’re not coming, are you?” It was more statement than question.
He shook his head. “No, I’m no good in the forest. But you’re in good hands. They’ll take care of you.”
She laughed softly. “It’s not me I’m worried about, but thank you.” She glanced at the giant reindeer horns in front of her and asked quietly, “Does anyone ever impale themselves on the horns?” She was rather worried about it. If she got tired and fell forward in a daze, if there was a jump and she was flung forward upon landing…
Christopher smirked at her. “A few. But like you said, you’re a fast learner, so I’m sure you’ll be fine. Besides, Daisy has been with us for years. She’ll take care of you.” He patted the magnificent white beast fondly and she shook her head, looking around. Daisy had beautiful white fur with black socks, but when Jade inspected the others, she saw all sorts of colors. They were more like the coloring of horses, then. She did notice hers was the only white one.
Raising a brow, she asked, “Is there a reason I got the only white one?” Were they trying to give her the prettiest one or painting a giant target on her back?
Nodding, he replied in a low voice, “Yes. They’re bred to be the fastest, but also…” He paused as if hesitating, then shrugged. “Daisy belongs to Princess Tisha.”
Oh. She swallowed, nodding to indicate she understood. It was funny though; Daisy’s head popped up a little at the sound of Tisha’s name. Patting her neck, Jade crooned softly, “There, there, girl; let’s go find your master.” She’d noticed the group beginning to move towards the gate and, with a last smile at Christopher, directed Daisy to follow.
The road leading out of the city was smooth stone, flanked on either side by wildly waving stalks of grain. The sky was brilliantly blue overhead, and she felt like she could see forever now that there were no buildings blocking the way, with just mountains and forests in the distance. It was breathtaking. She shifted multiple times before she found a position that was comfortable, but probably wouldn’t be after a few hours of constant riding. She urged Daisy up to join Marcelle, who nodded to her and continued her quiet conversation with whoever was in the mirror.
“We’ve found their entry point into Basaigh. However, it seems they took to the trees from there. This is as far as we were able to track them.” The disembodied voice entered Jade’s hearing clearly, even though the man was talking quietly.
Marcelle looked thoughtful, then nodded. “Wait for us there, then. We’ll be there in a few hours and then your squads can return to the city.” Jade didn’t know what the man did, but the connection was cut and Marcelle turned to acknowledge her before projecting her voice to the ten men and women behind her. Jade was a little surprised at the small number, but figured they were there mostly to help her; it was she who’d be doing the heavy lifting. “We’ve got our direction. Let’s go.”
“I’m going to move to the middle.” Jade spoke into the quiet, maneuvering Daisy to the center of the group. She saw disappointment flash across a couple of faces as she took the ‘safe spot.’ Ignoring them, she concentrated as the group began to move forward, Daisy following the others obediently. Jade held tightly to the antlers, which were also used as the reins in this world. She’d taken the sparkles off of her babies, and they now flew above the group, spreading out and scouting for any possible dangers.
It took her about fifteen minutes of quiet travel before she finally managed to get the hang of pushing her aura out for more than a few inches. Another five minutes passed before she felt confident in controlling the size and shape of her sphere of influence. Or maybe she should call it a low dome? She was purposefully not affecting anything beneath the ground, because that would be a waste of energy.
Taking a deep breath, she fixed her magic in her mind’s eye and added the thought that it would only affect the twelve riders, their mounts, and her babies when they were in range. Satisfied that she’d thought of everything she could, she pushed her aura out, enveloping the company. There were a few startled cries as eyes turned to her.
Smiling innocently at them, she said cheerfully, “I finally got my aura to work. It only goes out about thirty feet in any direction from me, so try to stay in that range.” She glanced at Marcelle, who was smiling in approval. “Let’s pick up the pace, shall we?”
Marcelle laughed softly, “You heard the lady; let’s go.” Marcelle led by example, turning to the front and urging her mount on, with everyone following closely behind. Jade was observing the looks from the guards around her. They’d shifted from mild distrust and distaste to speculation. It was then that she noticed a younger guy in the back, and her grin turned up a few watts.
She met his hazel eyes and waved, and Sir Dalton grinned and prodded his mount forward until he was riding next to her. “Coming to save me again?” She’d never forget that he jumped in front of the first mesmer to save her.
He laughed, shaking his head. “I don’t think you need it these days. It seems you’ve got even more tricks up your sleeve than before. Did I hear right when someone said you flew on your trek through town?” She could tell some of the others perked up and were intently listening to their conversation, even if they were trying to appear nonchalant while they pounded down the path.
“I did. In my old world, in every hero story where people had magic powers, a ton of them tried to use it to figure out how to fly. So far, gravity and wind magic are the easiest ones for me to use, but I think you could use earth, metal, fire, and water as well.” Now that she thought about it, she’d already used water, just not on herself. She’d pulled Glen through the air at the obstacle course to heal him.
Dalton looked confused. “How would you use earth, metal, fire, or water to fly? That doesn’t make sense.”
She laughed softly. “It’s more thinking outside the box. For earth, metal, and water, you make a platform and then stand on it. I do that with wind, too, actually. Fire is a little trickier. It’s basically shooting fire from the soles of your feet and hands with enough propulsion to get you through the air. You could do that with wind too. You could also use metal on a suit of armor to make it fly, with you inside it.”
Several people turned to stare at her while she explained, and she smiled as she saw they were turning off the paved stone road to head straight to the woods. The path turned to packed dirt, indicating that it wasn’t used all that often. She figured the stone roads headed to the neighboring cities...though she couldn’t recall seeing any nearby cities on the map. Something to look into later. She nodded to the road, asking, “Do people go into the woods often?”
This drew their attention back to the road, and most of them adjusted so they could make the transition smoothly, unaware she’d pointed it out for that purpose. One of the others on her left spoke up before Dalton could. “Several squads are sent out at least once a week to help keep the monster population down and gather herbs that grow better beneath the Basaigh. I’m Garrik, by the way.”
“Nice to meet you, Garrik! Thank you for explaining.” She beamed brightly at the guard. He appeared to be in his thirties and bore several old scars that she could barely pick out on his arms and hands. His dark brown hair was cut short, which highlighted a prominent nose and mahogany eyes. A bow hung loosely attached to his saddle for easy access; a quiver on his back, a sword at his waist, and several daggers at various points completed his visible arsenal. His armor was a hardened leather with metal bars sewn into strategic panels. Now that she was looking, she could see similar armor on most of the men. It seemed the party she was with was composed of the agile fighters who preferred to pick off enemies from a distance, if possible.
She considered that a fairly sensible choice; the frontline fighters in games were always dying. Why would it be any different in real fighting? It was much safer to kill your enemies before they could get close to you.
There was a change in the general mood, now that they’d left the road. The men seemed to be more actively alert, searching for unseen enemies. She quietly recalled most of her fellacai for a rest, leaving only two to perform aerial reconnaissance. She figured she’d be depending on them more in the forest, so for now, she chose to have one pair on patrol, with a plan to switch them out frequently so they wouldn’t be too tired when she really needed them. She experimented with draining light around a specific limb, namely her hand. She constantly drained the sunlight, creating only a small cloud of darkness that she could hide from the others for the most part. It was helping her to maintain her aura. She’d gotten a few strange glances, but the other riders were primarily focusing their attention outward, not in.
“So, I’m guessing more monster attacks happen in these parts?” Her voice was almost jarring, the rest of the group having been silent, save for the pounding of hooves.
One of the men behind her spoke up, though just barely loud enough for her to hear, “This is tialon territory. Best to draw as little of their attention as possible.” Well, it did make sense to be quiet in enemy territory. But what was a tialon? Scanning the fields of grain around her, she realized it would be quite easy to hide very large animals in it, especially if they were slinking around or lying in wait.
“Thanks.” Her spoken gratitude barely reached the man behind her as she raised her own awareness accordingly. She thought the biggest danger would be once they reached the woods, but the lesson was being reinforced that this world was not safe...anywhere. There were simply different levels of likely-to-be-attacked. She didn’t know how to fix it, either. It’s not like she could be everywhere, or even use cameras to watch multiple places at once…
Or could she? She remembered Morpheus teaching her about illusion magic windows, which basically consisted of scrying a previously visited place, though it did have the limitation of being somewhere you were familiar with. She wondered...could she scry a person’s location, even if she hadn’t been there herself, but was familiar with the person? She’d have to try that when they stopped and she had time to experiment. She didn’t think trying new magic with potential backlash should be done on the back of a high speed animal during a dangerous journey.
It seemed the alertness hadn’t been totally necessary, however. The Basaigh Woods towered in front of them several tension-filled, albeit uneventful, hours later. The grain eventually gave way to sparse trees which were slowly growing larger as they progressed. She finally spotted the advanced tracking group, who’d stopped in a clearing near where the truly giant trees started. The men made a perimeter surrounding a few tents, and it looked like they were taking turns patrolling.
Marcelle waved as they rode up, obviously expected. Jade watched as Marcelle dismounted and the men around her began to do the same. “We’ll rest and eat here for an hour before we continue.” Marcelle’s voice was firm as she started giving orders, and one of the men came and took Daisy away from her to care for the creature after she’d dismounted. She scanned the encampment, absently rubbing healing magic into her sore muscles. She’d been right that riding wouldn’t be the most comfortable experience. Thankfully, she had magic to cheat the first riding pain away.
Walking over to Marcelle, she found the woman talking to her scouts. Marcelle absentmindedly beckoned her to come closer as she listened to the scout’s report. “...so we tracked them to this point, and from what we can tell, they went into the trees. There are claw marks on the bark going up, but after that they must’ve been jumping from branch to branch, because we couldn’t find any further indications of their path. I’m sorry.” The man hung his head in apology as Marcelle put a hand on his shoulder.
“You did well. We’ll take it from here.” She turned to Jade, who was staring at the trees thoughtfully. “Jade, what do you think?”
She turned to smile at Marcelle, shrugging lightly. “I think it’s time I took a look at the treetops. If you’ll excuse me, I’m going to take a short flight.” She bowed her head slightly, walking over to the tree the scout indicated had claw marks.
With a thought, she lowered her gravity and used wind magic to take flight.
Chapter Three – Vantage
There were a few gasps behind her as she took flight. Her babies kept pace with her as if in encouragement, though they made sure never to get in front of her flight path, thankfully. She smiled lovingly at them, enjoying the feeling of going higher than she ever had before, even if it was for a grim reason. The people on the ground got further and further away, becoming tiny figures on a distant surface as she rose probably two hundred feet into the air in order to reach the first branch of the giant tree.
She confirmed the scout’s report; the scratches on the tree were a clear indication that this was a well-used travel path for the mesmer. Alighting gracefully on the branch, she took a moment to soak in the beauty of the world around her. The deep browns and greens of the forest were broken up by bright rays of sunshine and the occasional pops of color from other plants. Far below, she could see the activity of the group, and glanced away when she saw the area they were using as a latrine.
They were trying to be quiet, so she heard nothing from the camp in the near-silence of the canopy. In the far distance, she could barely hear the cry of birds, though the wind rustled gently through the leaves around her. She could feel the life of the forest all around her, and she breathed in the scent of greenery. Frowning, she sighed as she caught a whiff of something foul, realizing it was the leftover scent of the mesmer. As beautiful as the woods around her were, it was time to do what she came here for.
With a thought, she activated her mana sense. She could see traces of green mana all around her, realizing that the trees were full to the brim of the vibrant life force. It was only when she looked down that she finally saw the taint of the mesmer in the claw marks upon the trunk. What appeared to be older claw marks barely glowed at all, while those that were fresh seemed to roil with the sickly color. It looked like a sickness the tree was fighting to fend off.
Unfortunately, the taint ended at the branch, which made her realize they were no longer using their claws to climb up, but rather running across the huge branches. They were like Tarzan, using the trees as their path. She grumbled to herself, fighting the urge to pound her chest and mimic the apes. Sadly, without the claw marks, she was basically up a creek without a paddle.
Glaring at the forest stretching out before her, she walked out along the branch, noting that it practically created a roadway to the next tree. A short jump and she was on the next tree without any problems. She had no doubt the mesmer could accomplish it just as easily as she could. The memory of their strong legs coiled beneath them in preparation to jump was still vivid in her mind. It seemed quite a bit of their strength was concentrated in their legs, and if they adapted to living in the forest and using the trees as their roadway, it even made sense from a Darwinian point of view.
Unfortunately, there were many different branches she could easily jump to from there, each pointing a different direction, though three of them led naturally deeper into the forest. She figured those three were the main ones to pay attention to, though if she had to try and follow each branching path, she had no idea how long it would take her to pick up the trail. Especially if there was no taint for her to follow. The others on the ground couldn’t follow it, so that left it to her alone…
“I’m an idiot.” She palmed her face, slowly dragging her fingers down until she could see her little babies fluttering around her. She smiled at them and asked softly, “Can you scout ahead? Look for any claw marks on the trees like the ones on that last tree. And please, be careful.” She didn’t know what other predators or traps might be waiting in the wings, so it never hurt to be cautious. They spread out in front of her, flitting along the branches in search of a scrape.
She felt a tug of mana from her ring, and with a flick of her thoughts, she was holding a mirror. She looked down at it, seeing Marcelle’s face on the other end. “Have you found anything?”
Jade exhaled softly, shaking her head. “Not yet. The claw marks indicate that they climbed the trees, and it would be easy for them to travel along the branches here once they’re up. I have my fellacai searching for any traces of a path forward. However, it’s likely that I’ll need to remain up here to follow any tracks I find, while you follow from below.”
Marcelle frowned at her. “I don’t like separating the group.”
Nodding, Jade agreed. “I don’t either, but I’m the only one who can move easily up here. Just think of me as a scout. I’ve also got my fellacai, so I’m not alone. I think I need to stay up here though. I’m probably going to go up top and see if I can spot anything from above the canopy. It’s a vantage point I can’t give up at the moment. I don’t want to miss something vital.”
“Understood. Let me know when you have a direction.” When Jade nodded back to her, Marcelle cut the call. Stowing the mirror back into her ring, Jade lightened her gravity once more. She’d been keeping it at slightly lower than normal while she was in the trees so that even if she fell, it would be a much slower descent that she’d be able to regain control of. It also helped with jumping from branch to branch.
“Found a scratch!” Willow’s mental cry was enthusiastic as a picture of a scratch was conveyed to Jade’s mind. Orienting herself to where her baby was leading her, she started running along the second branch in front of her. Easily bounding to the next tree, she quickly jumped up a branch and started running along it further into the forest, concentrating on both her footsteps and her surroundings. Three trees later she stood next to her beautiful little Willow, staring at a scratch in the tree. To her mana sight, it gleamed with only the dullest of that poisonous color, meaning it was quite old.
“Good job, Willow, you did great.” She smiled down at her tiny preening baby, who understood and flew away to find more. The others moved forward as well, their bond communicating empty trees as they branched out from the newest starting point.
While they were checking the next trees, she started leaping up branches to the top, just to see if she could. It proved easier than she thought, though by the end she’d lowered her gravity quite a bit so that she could land on the feather-light branches at the very top without breaking them. She stood at the crown of the tree, a vantage point high above what she’d seen before. Sadly, it didn’t quite give her the view she wanted, because all she saw was a sea of trees.
Glancing behind, she gasped softly as she took in the sight. The golden plains of grain they’d passed through shone in the afternoon light, and behind them rose the grand walls of Caoi. Even then, she could see the castle and Dracona standing above the city like beacons. The magnificent buildings were dwarfed by the behemoth mountain that was their foundation, reaching high into the sky crowned with snow and clouds. She realized it was far taller than the mountains that formed the bowl valley before her. She nicknamed it Mt. Augg in her head, because it reminded her of a book series she’d loved in her old world with a similar mountain.
Pulling her attention away from the castle, she turned back to the forest, but green foliage was all she could see. If she wanted to get a better idea...she needed to go higher. She was honestly a bit nervous. Going higher would mean leaving the somewhat protective cover of the branches when she was already probably three hundred feet in the air.
Steeling her will, she lifted off from the branches, pulling a steady stream of wind from below to act as her shield in a protective bubble, sheltering her from the wind high above the trees. She felt the air currrents thrashing against her bubble, wanting to buffet her further away, but she held her course steady with her own wind as she rose higher, leaving the canopy behind.
Looking down, she realized the wind was still managing to push her slightly to the side, since it blew from the southeast. She’d have to do course corrections when she went back down. Higher and higher she went, suppressing her sense of vertigo from being so far above the ground. The sea of trees stretched out before her, but to the southeast she could see that the leafy tops rose higher, and a brief break revealed a cliff face, or maybe a sheer mountain. She wasn’t sure which it was, and decided she wasn’t keen to check. She could see birds playing on the face of the cliff...but she was pretty sure that if they looked like tiny birds to her at that distance…she was probably looking at the largest birds she could imagine. It reminded her more of the hippogriffs from fantasy stories. No, she wasn’t keen to go find the flying beasties. Though if she did run into one, she was tempted to try to make it a mount. As long as it wasn’t, you know, something like a dragon.
To be fair, even if it was a dragon, she’d want it for a mount. Dragons just tended to be a bit scarier to try and tame. That was if she put their general intelligence level aside… Shaking her head, she looked south. She needed to stop getting distracted!
She stopped to stare. It couldn’t really be that easy, could it? She reached up to rub her eyes, wanting to be doubly sure she wasn’t seeing something that wasn’t there, but no; when she uncovered her eyes, it was still the same. In the distance, she could see a patch of trees that looked more black than green; sickly and weak. She found the nest! Or, well, she assumed it was the nest, given the miasma of sickly color she could see radiating off of it.
About to whoop in joy, the cry died on her lips as she noticed another patch of similar trees further behind the first. As she slowly turned to survey the forest, she spotted more dark patches, some consisting of only a few trees, some covering large swathes. They continued sporadically to the west. With a sigh, she pulled the mirror from her ring, feeding in mana to call Marcelle.
The woman answered within about two seconds, and Jade figured she’d been waiting for the call. “Jade! Did you find some...why is there sky behind you?” She started to question in excitement, only for her voice to fall to a puzzled tone at the end when she noticed the bright blue surrounding Jade.
Smiling fondly at the mirror, Jade answered, “Because I’m flying at the moment. I wanted to get a better vantage point, and it seems like it’s a good thing I did. Let me show you so you can tell me what you think.” Marcelle nodded, and Jade turned the mirror around, pointing it first at the mountains with the bird-creatures. “I think those are some kind of giant birds, but probably not our target. However…” She turned the mirror, using her free hand to point out the clumps of sick trees in a slow sweep from south to west. “Those trees have the same miasma mark that the claw marks did. Like they’ve been infected.” Pausing, she turned the mirror so it was facing the fields, so she got a clear view of the castle and mountain before finally putting it back on her. There was no special reason for it, she just wanted Marcelle to see something of the beauty too. A tiny reminder of what they were here for, and what they were trying to protect.
Marcelle was frowning thoughtfully on the other side of the mirror. Several of the scouts clumped behind her to see what Jade was revealing, and their expressions were also troubled. Finally, one of them spoke hesitantly, “I counted at least thirty locations. Which one are we supposed to go to?” It took her a second to realize it was Garrik talking.
A grim determination crossed over her face as she responded, “It doesn’t matter, really. We have to find one of them and capture it alive. I’ll make it show us the way.” She was fairly confident at this point that she could overpower their hypnotism and use compulsion on them. She hoped. Okay, it was a terrible idea, but it was the best she had. After all, she’d come a long way from the encounter when her compulsion could only stop one of them in their tracks for a mere second. It would have to be enough, because otherwise…
She shook those thoughts off. She would find them, and she would save them.
“Then we should aim for the closest one.” Marcelle decided firmly. Jade nodded, looking over the dark clumps before choosing her target. It also happened to be one of the smaller clumps, which she wasn’t opposed to in the slightest. While she wanted to eradicate the menace, her primary objective on this hunt was actually rescue. Once their people were safe, she could eliminate them one by one. She would destroy their nests, their very foundation.
“Understood. I’ll set the course and come back down.” Marcelle nodded, and they both cut the connection, Jade stowing the mirror back into her ring again. While she was focusing on the mirror, she noticed the wind made her drift further again when she hadn’t been concentrated on fighting against the pull, but rather staying aloft and making her call.
Pulling out a crystal, she fixed the image in her mind, creating another projection that highlighted the dead trees. She then lowered herself straight down, alighting on the uppermost branch of the tall tree below. Now that she wasn’t fighting the wind, she took a minute to absorb all the light streaming towards the trees. She hadn’t wanted to create a giant dark spot in the middle of the sky any more than she already had, as she was aiming not to attract the attention of the flying creatures to the east. She had no idea how keen their eyesight was, but since she wasn’t as large as they presumably were, she hoped she was no more than the teensiest blip on the radar that they would ignore.
When her reserves were full again, she jumped down the trunk of the tree, making sure to keep her bearings straight so she didn’t mess up the directions. Therefore, instead of jumping branch to branch, she let herself drift in a slow freefall straight down the one side, only dodging a few branches temporarily before resuming her track. It was rather exhilarating, like she was skydiving from a tree. When she was about fifty feet from the ground, she slowed her descent until she could land lightly on her feet.
The two groups watched her dive from the treetops and made their way over with the animals. She was probably five large trees away from where they tracked the mesmer ascent. She was a little confused as to why the previous scouts still hadn’t left. Still, before she could forget, she grabbed a nearby rock and began to mold it into shape with earth magic, turning it into something like a multi-arrowed compass that pointed straight towards one of the nests. She set it down before looking at Marcelle expectantly.
Marcelle smiled at the compass before looking up at her. “The nest we’re targeting only looked like it was a league or two away. We thought it best to leave the animals here so we could sneak more easily. The scouts will be able to bring them to us afterwards.” Oh, that actually made sense.
“Sure, of course.” It was completely logical to make this an outpost. Especially if she was going to have to keep coming back… Deep in thought, she studied the surrounding area. “Are any of them earth mages?” She absently asked her question aloud, figuring Marcelle would know the answer.
“Yes, there are two. Why?” Marcelle’s voice was quizzical in her reply.
Jade nodded again, staring at a large boulder nearby. “Good, good. Then that means they’ll be able to open and close the door…”
“Door?” She heard one of the men ask, but she paid him no mind as she walked over to the boulder. She only glanced back long enough to take mental measure of how large the capall were as she placed her hand on the stone.
Her magic moved through the rock, then the ground beneath it. A few of the men let out startled gasps as the forest floor trembled slightly, and the capall had to be quickly calmed as the trembling continued. “What’s she doing?” She heard one of the men ask, but couldn’t pay any more spare attention to their question.
She started to sweat lightly from the exertion. She’d needed to convince several roots that they were required to move, and the ancient tree complied very begrudgingly. It was a good fifteen minutes later before she finally dropped her hand from the rock and sat down. She immediately pulled food from her bag and began munching on it as Marcelle approached her from behind. “Jade, are you okay? What did you just do?” Thankfully, Marcelle was a patient person and kept her people in check, even when Jade was being cryptic and doing unknown things for long periods without explanation. She should probably work on that.
Jade smiled wearily up at her, then gestured to the earth mage who’d spoken earlier. “Why doesn’t he touch it and see if he can figure it out?” She scooted away from the rock as Marcelle nodded to the man, obviously curious about what Jade did the whole time while they sat there waiting.
He walked forward cautiously, placing a hand on it and investigating with his magic. She watched in quiet satisfaction as his eyes opened wide and he looked back at her. “Can I open it?” When she nodded, he grinned gleefully, and a large section of the rock slowly swung inward like a door, revealing a large, sloping hallway. Though the beginning of the hallway was dark, it was easy to see there was light at the end of the tunnel. The man was staring in awe at the opening before him, while the others who didn’t have animals in tow moved forward to take a look.
Jade gestured to the tunnel. “Why don’t you bring everyone inside and start getting settled? I need to absorb some more light to recharge myself.”
“Even the capall, miss?” One of the men asked cautiously.
She nodded. “Even the capall.” Standing up and brushing the dirt from her pants, she smiled and gestured to the tunnel. “Welcome to your new underground outpost.”
Chapter Four – Outpost
Marcelle took the lead into the tunnel, showing her trust in Jade. I guess if she didn’t trust me, she wouldn’t have followed me all the way out here to the woods and waited as I did crazy things. Her inner monologue didn’t distract her from standing to the side as man and beast filed past her into the tunnel. She darkened the area around her as she sucked the light in for energy. The capall didn’t even flinch from her when she did it now, since she’d been doing it the whole time on the road and their senses seemed keener than the humans who rode them.
As soon as the last of the group entered, Jade quickly reached out with her magic, smoothing down the ground their passage had marked and returning it to a more natural state, so that their departure from the camp would be impossible to find, unless they were being hunted by a much better tracker. It was only five trees further into the woods, but that was still around five hundred feet. She stopped, sweating a bit after that exertion as well, though it had only required a strong burst of power at once, which was much easier than the prolonged drain it’d taken her to super pack and light the new underground compound.
Another minute of draining light and she closed the stone door behind her as she entered, sealing it so that it would look like the previously seamless boulder if anyone without earth magic checked from the outside. Walking silently down the dark hallway, she smiled as she stepped into the brightly lit main chamber. She directly bypassed the first room on the left, which held the capall. It was just a large round chamber where they could wander around and stretch their legs.
Honestly, the room she walked into next wasn’t that much different; it was another large room, the main difference being that there were a bunch of smaller rooms around the edges. Everything was bare stone, having been superheated and packed by Jade during her excavation so that it would be sturdy. The room was also emanating light from all sides, something she’d decided to add as a defense against the mesmer. They were less likely to make it further into the compound if they couldn’t handle the light. Her stone compass arrows were embedded into the floor of the entrance for easy use when they left.
Still, she had to admire the efficiency of military groups. Apparently, Marcelle put her donated spatial bag to good use, because a table that looked like it’d been quickly put together and makeshift stools now occupied one corner of the room where Marcelle seemed to be holding a counsel with three subordinates and someone in a mirror. Elsewhere around the room, people were being industrious and checking out the place or setting up bedrolls.
When Marcelle saw Jade strolling into the large room, she beckoned her closer, and one of the guards quickly pulled out a stool for her. She smiled at the man, realizing she should probably start learning more names as she sat gracefully. She quickly realized there was not just one, but two mirrors looking onto familiar faces. In one mirror, the king and queen sat regally observing them, and Count Ammon held the other. Marcelle gestured to Jade, “I was about to explain our findings, as well as where we are. Would you care to do the honor?”
Jade smiled at her and nodded, then turned to the mirrors. “Hello, Your Majesties, Count Ammon. After reaching the woods, we confirmed that the mesmer climb into the branches of the basaigh trees and use their branches as a sort of roadway. Unfortunately, besides the original tree they climb, they leave very few marks of passage through the branches. My fellacai are currently combing the treetops searching for the path they used and looking for any fresh marks.”
She took a deep breath before continuing, “However, when I flew above the treetops, I was able to get a bigger picture. There are more than thirty patches of trees that are decayed and covered in the mesmer taint. It’s likely that these are the areas where the mesmer ascend and descend the trees frequently, and thus are the locations, or very near the locations, of their nests. The nearest grouping seemed to be between one to two leagues away, so we’ve decided to leave the capall here and proceed on foot for greater secrecy.”
She gestured to the space behind her. “Therefore, I decided to take the time to build an underground outpost to increase the safety of those staying behind. I’ve concealed the entrance in a boulder, so it’ll require an earth mage to provide access in order to keep it a secret. There’s a chamber for the capall to roam, as well as the main room we’re in currently, with private rooms along the walls that can be turned into dormitories. Everything is lighted to further deter enemies that may somehow enter. In one of the back chambers, I’ve diverted part of an underground river that I found for the sake of fresh water and washing up. There are also multiple vents that lead to the surface for airflow. I’ve made them as twisted and curved as possible to dampen any smells and sound that could escape, as well as putting several grates so that smaller creatures would have a very difficult time passing through. However, I recommend that those in the outpost try to keep smells and sounds to a minimum.”
She paused to make sure those around her understood her explanation and instructions, then finished. “My group will set out in a few minutes after we’ve had time to eat and rest a bit. Our intention is to hit that closest area and capture one of the mesmer, who I’ll retrieve the location of the captives from. We can then retreat here and send them back while we use it as a home base to continue the hunt.”
“You don’t intend to return after rescuing the captives?” Queen Ashanna seemed concerned as she questioned Jade.
Smiling gently at her, Jade shook her head. “No. The others can return if they wish; I won’t keep them out here. But if we remove their food source, it means they’ll have to replenish their supply and others will become the victims. Aside from that, it’s likely that once they realize they’re being hunted, they’ll go into hiding. I need to eradicate as many as possible before that happens.”
That was merely common sense from crime dramas of her old world. Going after a crime syndicate meant you needed to take out as many minions as possible in the shortest amount of time or they would go underground, and it would take forever to root them out. She figured that would still happen, but she was going to kill as many as possible before it did. That was the plan, anyway.
“I’ll organize another troop to bring supplies and garrison the outpost.” Count Ammon immediately cut in, showing complete support for her plan.
She smiled warmly at him as he nodded back to her. “I believe an illusion mage would be helpful as well. That way they can check the surroundings of the outpost before the door is opened.” It was the closest thing to security cameras that she could think of, and speaking of...she could use that to track her surroundings when she was in the air, and verify that nothing was making major moves in the sky. Now that she’d been up there once, she didn’t have to go up again if she wanted to check from that spot, at least. That would be helpful. She could also… “Actually, that way they’d also be able to keep an eye on the main tree they seem to use…”
“Of course. We’ll make sure there’s at least one.” King Derrick nodded decisively. She noticed that he emphasized the word ‘least.’ That would make her feel a little better, though they’d need to be led around the area so that they could accurately open windows where needed. Wind and water mages to purify the air and water supplies would also be good, but she figured they’d think of that themselves. Heck, even a nature mage to provide emergency food would be beneficial.
Still, she trusted them to be able to think these things through, since they’d been living in this world a lot longer than her. They probably knew what it took to maintain an independent outpost. Especially since this would serve as the base for future monster hunts and herb gathering, most likely.
“We’ll keep in touch. Please make sure…” The rest of Derrick’s words were lost to Jade as her eyes lost focus and her head snapped towards the entrance.
“Andy!” Her cry startled those around her as she bolted to her feet and started running for the door, almost knocking several people over in her hurry to get outside. She barrelled down the passageway, practically ripping the stone door off the frame and letting it drop carelessly to the forest floor as she started sprinting through the air, using wind steps to boost her jumping power as she sped towards the canopy of the trees. In her mind’s eye, she could see flashes of the battle taking place in the branches of the trees. It looked like a group of savage orangutans were trying to catch her babies. They’d managed to injure Andy’s wing in one of their swipes, and now the others were furiously trying to defend him as the creatures edged closer, gnashing pointed teeth. The air swirled with various colors of pollen, which the ape things were avoiding as best they could, though several had been stunned or paralyzed, much to the anger of their companions.
She could hear their angry cries in the canopy above her as she drew closer, reaching the level of the lowest branches. They even held crude clubs, which they were waving and occasionally throwing towards the fellacai until they realized wind gusts were redirecting them away from the shiny treats. Jade was proud of their ability to work together, and also a little amazed at their combat ability. There were seven apes, all of whom utterly dwarfed her babies. They were basically fighting the equivalent of giants and holding their ground.
A bow appeared in her hand as she neared, a quiver falling into place on her back. Drawing an arrow as she perched on a branch, she shot the reinforced projectile at the largest of the beasts. Arrow after arrow was drawn and shot in succession. The first three apes died, dropping like rocks from the branches as arrows lodged in their heads. The remaining four scattered, realizing the danger that approached them from behind. In their anger, they turned their attention to the interloper who’d killed three of their brethren.
Fellacai all but forgotten, the furious apes swung in and out of the trees towards her, dodging the arrows she sent at them whenever one came into view. She’d apparently only hit the first three because they’d been surprised. Her babies, exhausted from the fight, quietly waited for her to deal with the problem after she reassured them mentally. They’d done their best, and now it was time for her to finish off these attackers. She’d finally been reminded of something Count Eamonn said when he was introducing the fellacai: other creatures loved to have them as snacks.
She dove forward into the air right as a club smashed into the branch where she’d been standing. One of them managed to get behind her while she was distracted by her babies. It seemed surprised when, after flipping arse over teakettle, she rolled to a stop in midair instead of falling to her death. Standing on the wind platform that she’d hastily erected, she was panting slightly, glad her danger senses tingled in time.
Furious, she saw the other three had surrounded her and were hiding behind the branches as they peered at her, obviously trying to figure out how to reach her as she stood in midair. “You think you can hide from me? Dream on.” Concentrating, she sent her bow into her ring to keep from dropping it as she lashed out with four razor-sharp streams of wind. The monkeys didn’t have a chance to realize what happened before they were beheaded, a bloody mist filling the air. She caught their bodies before they could fall to the forest floor like the other three. Dragging them in one large wind sphere, she dashed to check on her babies.
“Andy…” She knelt next to her babies, reaching for the tiny mint and chocolate colored butterfly. Carl was hovering protectively next to him, and it was obvious he’d healed Andy up a bit already. She held her hand out and Andy wearily hopped on. She finished healing him quickly, then beamed at the rest of her babies. “You did well, my lovelies. Come here, hop on. You’ve earned a rest.” Her babies flapped over to land on her hair as she held Andy up to allow him to hold on too. Once she was confident that they were all secure, she stepped into the open air and began to descend, more slowly now that she was making sure her babies were okay every inch of the way.
As she approached the ground, she realized that many of her people were studying the fallen apes. “Jade! You’re okay.” She could hear the relief in Marcelle’s voice as the woman emerged from behind one of the giant apes. Now that Jade was really looking at them, she realized they were twice the size of a human, and she was casually hauling four of them and their bloody mess behind her so that it didn’t attract other creatures.
She nodded a little wearily. “I’m fine. Let’s get these back to the shelter. I don’t want the blood to attract anything else.” Marcelle nodded, and Jade wearily grabbed the other three with wind magic, adding them to her floating bubble. With blood magic, she called every drop they spilt on their way down, holding it in a separate little bubble. “Let’s go.”
She figured the guards could see her mental exhaustion, because they took up ranks around her and her ‘prize’ to escort her back. She could feel the other earth magician erasing the traces of their passage and felt vague gratitude that she didn’t need to worry about that, too. The door to the shelter was open when they reached it, and she smiled at the worried faces that turned to relief when they realized the entire team returned safely.
Walking silently down the tunnel, she turned to enter a larger room she’d connected to the main room and deposited the corpses there. She figured the skins and meat would be useful for the people living here and in the city. She cast a chill of ice around the room so that it would act like a freezer and preserve the meat, then walked back into the main room.
“What exactly happened?” Marcelle asked her with soft concern as Jade snapped out of it, having been staring absently at a wall.
“My fellacai were attacked by these creatures as they were scouting.” Her voice sounded numb and a bit dead, even to her. She absently took a seat at the stool one of the men guided her to, staring blankly for a moment at the food placed in front of her before she reached for it, beginning to eat. She quickly grabbed an empty nearby plate and put some leafy greens and juice on it, to which her fellacai eagerly flocked. They needed to restore their energy after that fight too.
The silence of the room made her chewing seem especially loud as she ate almost robotically. She was polishing off the last few bites when a comment broke the silence. “I think she needs to take a nap before we leave.” She didn’t know who the male voice belonged to, but it sounded reasonable to her tired mind.
Looking up, she met the concerned gaze of a man who appeared to be in his late twenties. He had such pretty brown eyes that matched his dark brown hair. Honestly, he reminded her of a young Ryan Reynolds. “A nap sounds good, but wake me up in half an hour. We need to get there during the day, if possible.” The young man nodded to her, then held out his hand. She smiled wearily and took it, allowing him to help her up now that she’d finished her meal. She let him lead her over to a bedroll that looked like it’d been prepared for her, laying down and absently growing a baby tree in a small pot of dirt she pulled out and shaped in the rock next to her head, so the fellacai could take a nap too, once they were done. Looking at the nice man, she asked quietly, “What’s your name?”
He smiled brilliantly down at her as he responded, “Matthew Rylee, at your service. Get some sleep.” She nodded and murmured her assent, closing her heavy eyes. She thought she heard him moving away, but she fell asleep almost immediately.
***
“Jade, time to wake up.” She stirred groggily at the voice and the hand gently shaking her shoulder. Blinking sleepily, she stared up at Marcelle’s face in momentary confusion.
Yawning, she nodded and sat up as she focused on Marcelle, her memory slowly flitting back into place as she remembered the events of the last few hours. “How long did I sleep?” She had a sneaking suspicion she’d slept longer than the half hour she’d instructed them.
“It’s been about an hour. You looked like you needed it.” Jade sighed, nodding. She probably did. After all, she’d slept terribly last night and been using magic almost constantly since she woke. Even energizing herself with light only went so far.
Standing up, she stretched for a moment, ignoring the eyes she could feel following her movements. She used a tiny bit of water magic to clean herself up, reveling in washing away the sticky sweat that coated her from her earlier fights and magic use.
“Well, that seems like a useful way to use water.” Marcelle grinned at the now-clean Jade, and she smirked back at her.
Gesturing, water materialized and swept along Marcelle as well, leaving her clean and refreshed, much to her obvious shock. “It really is wonderful for a person’s morale.” Glancing around, she realized that the rest of the hunting group were now standing by the entrance to the tunnel, dressed in dark clothes and weapons.
She nodded in their direction, asking quietly, “Is everyone else ready, then?”
At Marcelle’s nod, she clenched her fist momentarily, then released it and said, “Let’s get hunting.” She called her babies from their tree, and they fluttered over and landed in her hair.
She walked confidently towards the entrance of the tunnel, stopping to address the men as she whispered into the silence, “We need to be quiet and quick. The real danger starts now.” She touched her quiver, binding wind magic to her own arrows. After she was finished adding the enchantment, she turned to the entrance once more.
The tunnel in front of her seemed extra dark as she stepped into it, leaving the bright light of the room behind as she quickly opened a few illusory viewing portals when she reached the door. She checked from various positions around the camp, making sure there was no movement of predators in the vicinity before she silently moved to open the door.
This was where the hunt would truly begin. 
Chapter Five – Encounter
Jade paused before she opened the door, walking over and briefly touching each person as she cast personal vitality buffs. She didn’t want to focus on keeping an aura going at the moment, and since she didn’t need to include their mounts, it was easier to maintain the personal buffs than to try to keep them close. Especially if she needed to go up above to check on anything. She also lowered their gravity a little bit, explaining as she did so. “I’m making you lighter so we can move faster and more quietly. Try to adapt quickly, and let me know if you need me to adjust it. I’ll revert it to normal before we get there so you can fight like you usually do.”
Once they were all buffed up, she opened the door, taking the lead. She got out of the way so the others could emerge from the bunker while she reoriented herself, sensing the direction they needed to head to find the dead trees. She nodded to the earth mage, who waited at the door until they were all out, then melded it back together. She smiled in approval, even though the man could no longer see her. It was blending perfectly into the boulder, and unless you were using magic, there was no reason to suspect anything was wrong in this area. Smells might be their biggest enemy, but the constant wind in the trees would hopefully make it hard to pinpoint. She’d also made sure the vents were nowhere near the entrance by causing each of them to surface at least a tree away. That was half of what made her so tired.
With their vitality raised and their gravity lowered, the group was much quieter as they started through the forest. Jade led the front while the others ranged behind her in twos and threes, with Marcelle taking up the rear. Her babies, now rested, took up patrol as well, flitting through the woods like tiny scouts. She made sure they went in pairs again, not wanting another accident. After all, that had been Andy’s saving grace.
She quickly realized why the mesmer used the treetops, however. Beneath the giant trees, the roots, leaves, smaller saplings, and bushes tried to crowd in all together. It was literally a giant mess to wade through, and a rather loud one, no matter how quiet they were trying to be. The crackle of dead leaves seemed inordinately jarring as they attempted to skulk along, the natural sounds of the forest hushing in the wake of their passing. She tried to pick the path of least resistance, but she often found herself either pushing through the brush or using nature magic to slightly alter the path for the others to more easily follow after her.
They’d been forced to walk single file as the brush got thicker, with Jade creating the path of least resistance before them. She mentally cursed as one of the men tripped on a root, tumbling loudly into the surrounding leaves and brush. She stopped, the hairs on the back of her neck standing on end. There was danger approaching, but from where? “Something’s coming. Get up!” She hissed back at the man, her bow ready, arrow nocked as she looked around.
Her babies were frantically trying to find what might be causing her to be so paranoid, having felt her alarm through their bond, but she was telling them to be careful and hide with the best vantage points, not wanting to lose them to whatever was making her antsy.
“Are you sure there’s something coming?” There were two other women in the group aside from her and Marcelle, and she wasn’t sure which had spoken, but she was ready to flay the woman alive. She hadn’t even bothered to lower her voice very much. If whatever it was hadn’t known exactly where they were before, it did now. The look Jade shot back at her must’ve convinced everyone else to shut their traps, filled with venom as it was.
In the silence, she strained to listen to the surroundings and tune out the breathing of her companions. She heard the barest scuff of something against stone coming from her left, and her head whipped around in that direction, trying to pinpoint what could have made the noise, but she couldn’t see anything…or maybe she could.
There was the barest shimmer in the air, a distortion she recognized from her previous experiments with her fellow light mages on creating invisibility. Without hesitation, she loosed her arrow, cursing herself for not keeping her mana sight active. She’d wanted to conserve some energy where she could, but it was a stupid thought. As soon as she activated it, she could see the white of light magic being used by two beasts on a nearby rock.
They seemed to think she was firing randomly, since her first arrow glanced harmlessly off the rock a few feet away from them. She hadn’t pinpointed their position before she fired, hoping to startle them into moving or dropping their magic. The others were staring at the area where she’d shot in confusion, clearly thinking she shot randomly into the air, which she sort of had.
“There’s two of them.” The words left her mouth as her eyes glowed brightly with her use of magic. She loosed another arrow, this time aiming directly for one creature. “Start shooting on top of the rocks!” She hissed the words at her group as the creature dodged her arrow, aware that somehow, this human could see it. They started to run forward as the others shot arrows in the same direction. They could now see irregularities in the air, and they aimed for those.
Jade focused, shooting only when the creatures dodged. She finally managed to catch one mid-dodge, and its control over the magic broke. “Keep shooting!” She heard Marcelle order from behind her, and was grateful the woman was keeping her head. More arrows began to pierce the visible one while the other was trying to sneak around the side, thinking it hadn’t been seen. Jade turned her bow slightly, shooting directly at it. It jumped out of the way, then let off a high pitched growl of pain as the arrow turned, controlled by Jade’s wind magic to follow it. It, too, lost its illusory magic.
Arrows flew through the air, turning the two black panther-like creatures into pincushions. The first one collapsed barely ten feet in front of Jade. Hatred burned in its eyes as its claws reached for her, even as it entered the land of the dead. The second, not having been charging like the first, didn’t even make it within twenty feet.
“It’s the beithiche.” The horror and awe in the man’s voice was evident. “We survived the beithiche.” His whisper came clearly to her, though at least he was quiet enough that he shouldn’t alert anything...that hadn’t already been alerted by the fight. Shoot.
“Whatever it is, we need to move, and quickly.” Jade waved her hand, using wind to pick up the two beasts. She ruthlessly yanked the arrows from their hides, storing any that were broken, pulling the blood from those still intact, and quickly handing them back to their owners. She used wind to grab as many other arrows as she could sense that missed, which was easier given that she’d enchanted her own earlier and could see them with her mana sense. The beasts themselves disappeared into her storage ring. Thankfully, she’d expanded it before they left.
Examining the thicket of growth in front of them, she knew if they tried to pass through it, they wouldn’t be getting out of this spot anytime soon. Letting out a soft growl of frustration, she shook her head. “Never mind. It’ll take too long. Don’t yell when I lift you.”
There were a few questioning looks, but they understood a moment later as her wind lifted them up. As soon as they were all in the air, she clumped them together and created a wind platform bubble. She could feel the extra exertion it was costing her, but ignored that in favor of quickly leaving the area. They shot through the air like a wind bullet, and only when they were probably a mile away did she slow down, lowering them to the ground once more. The forest floor was less overgrown than the one they’d left, thankfully.
As soon as they were on the ground, she let her wind bubble drop, immediately pulling a smoothie mix from her ring and drinking it while absorbing light. Probably realizing the strain she’d put herself through, no one was stupid enough to suggest that they travel the whole way like that.
She was starting to hate these woods, and she hadn’t even seen her true enemy yet. Heck, she almost wished the next things to attack her were those winged whatevers, simply so she could tame them and use them as transportation. I really hope I didn’t just jinx us… Never mind. It would be best if they could get to the nest without any more encounters. They had to be getting closer, right?
The only problem was…she wasn’t totally sure they were still going in the right direction. Sure, she’d traveled in as straight a line as possible, but they could still have easily gotten off track, especially in that last bolt through the woods. Eyeing the people who were also taking a breather and checking over their equipment while keeping watch on their surroundings, she nodded to herself.
“I’m going to go back up above the canopy.” When Marcelle glanced over at her questioningly, she shrugged. “I’d rather double check that we’re headed the right direction than get too far off track.”
Looking thoughtful, Marcelle nodded. “Hurry back, and be safe.”
“Always.” She replied cheekily, showing some of her normal good humor. She had to keep her attitude up, because she was the figurehead of the operation. If she started to become negative, it would leak into the team. Optimism was key!
Lowering her gravity, she started to run vertically up the tree trunk they’d stopped by, keeping her momentum up and using wind to boost her. She kept running, dodging branches as she got higher, until finally she jumped free of the treeline and into the sky, her momentum shooting her up as she looked around.
She was glad she’d come up, seeing as how the patch they were aiming for was about a mile southwest of them. Of course, had they kept going straight, they would’ve hit another patch in about 2-3 miles. She hadn’t realized they were that close together. It worried her a little bit. Especially when she noticed that beyond her target, probably 4-5 miles away, was another patch. All she could hope for was that they didn’t have some alarm like a giant bell to ring and alert the others to come help.
Sinking back to the canopy, she clung to the tree and sucked light in again until she felt completely recharged, which took about five minutes of both absorbing the light and eating food she pulled out of her ring. When she was full, she dove from the treeline, enjoying the feeling of the wind rushing past her face in the freefall, slowing herself when she hit about fifty feet from the forest floor.
She alighted on the ground, gathering the people around her as she quickly erected a wind wall to keep in any sounds they made. “So, good news and bad news. Our original target is about a mile that way.”
“How far is a mile?” One of the men asked, and she mentally berated herself yet again for not getting their names before this.
Then she processed his question. They didn’t know how long a mile was, but hadn’t they described...leagues? They’d used leagues. She shook her head. “I have no idea what your equivalent is. Like five thousand feet? Basically, the distance we just traveled in my wind sphere.” They seemed to understand her approximation of that, at least, so she went on. “Anyway, the place we want is about one mile that way, there’s another one straight ahead of us, probably two to three miles away, and behind the target, maybe another four miles, is another bad area.”
“In other words, we could run into them at any time.” One of the other men chimed in, and she nodded.
“Exactly. We have no idea if those bad areas are directly on top of their lairs or not. Not to mention, they could have a sentry. Basically, from this point out, be very careful and try to make zero noise.” There were nods from everyone, and Jade looked at Marcelle to see if she had any last things to add.
Marcelle grinned a little viciously as she spoke, “Let’s kill them all.”
“Except for the prisoner I need.” Jade chimed in quickly.
“Right. Kill all except one.” Marcelle’s grin was grim.
“And stay alive.” Jade added her second point, which had several of the men rolling their eyes.
“Of course, Mom.” The group chuckled a little at the friendly ribbing, while she pretended to be affronted.
She gestured to the wind wall. “Okay, I’m taking the wall down now. Silence from here on.” Again, there were nods in response, and she let the magic drop, then began to carefully lead the way, grateful that this part of the forest wasn’t as dense. Granted, it meant there were fewer hiding spots for her people, but also fewer spots for the mesmer.
She glanced up at the trees, then sighed inwardly, stopping. She glanced behind, then motioned that she was going to go into the treetops, and they were to continue forward. If there was a scout or patrol, they’d likely be up there, and she wanted to be able to catch them before they warned the others. They seemed to get the idea, and started forward as she lightened her gravity once again and started racing silently up the tree trunk.
Making sure to keep them in sight, she landed lightly on the lowest branch and began to walk above them, watching the surrounding trees for any signs of movement or danger. Seven trees later, she spotted the tainted trees in the distance. She winced as someone down below stepped on something that cracked. To her, it sounded like the roar of drums announcing their presence. The group below was scanning their surroundings as nervously as she was.
It seemed like they were holding their collective breath to see if something would happen...and then it did. The image came to her from Ramoth. There were three mesmer running along some much higher branches than the one she was on, jumping nimbly from tree to tree. Thankfully, the group below seemed to be alert to the danger, as there was a murmured warning and most of their bows all swung in the same direction: towards the mesmer now coming down the giant tree on the opposite side.
As soon as they landed and started running around the trunk of the tree, arrows flew from those below. “Drop your weaponssssss…” The one in the lead ordered in his hypnotic voice, and as one, most of the bows began to lower. Smiling in triumph, the mesmer was about to issue another order when her arrow penetrated his forehead. A look of confusion flitted across the face of his companions as her group loosed the next barrage of arrows.
The remaining two mesmer had taken an arrow each, though not in vital spots. Growling in rage, they raced forward in powerful leaps, claws extended to slice into the nearest man. Another arrow thunked into one’s chest from Marcelle’s bow, missing the thing’s heart by mere inches. Just when she thought the man was about to be sliced into pieces, a wall of rock sprang up in front of him, the creature’s claws embedding deeply into it. The next arrow took it in the head.
The last one roared in rage, yelling at the humans, “No magic! Drop weaponsss!” It screamed with such forceful hypnotism that four of them dropped their weapons and several others lowered their bows once more. It screeched as Jade’s arrow took it in the shoulder, its eyes casting about for the direction the unseen arrows were coming from, even as it swiped down on the man in front of it, opening up a deep, bloody gash.
She let out a sigh of relief when Marcelle’s sword made a clean sweep, beheading the creature a moment later. The healer she’d requested moved forward, closing the gash on the man’s arm and letting his breathing return to some semblance of normality.
She was about to jump down to join them and finish when Lilith sent the image of more mesmer running through the trees. She stopped, quickly hiding among the trees and wrapping an illusion around her that made her part of the tree. She wanted to yell down at her comrades, but didn’t want to attract the attention of the mesmer racing towards her.
Frantic, she chose an emergency option: she sent a mental command down at the group. “Get ready to fight again, NOW!” Directing her thoughts to her fellacai, she gave them their orders too. “Send your pollen through the trees towards them as inconspicuously as possible, then make sure to hide.”
Thankfully, she saw that those below heard her mental command and were on the alert, watching the treetops. She could see the magic of the fellacai pollen starting to spread towards the incoming mesmer. It was inconspicuous, though she could still pick out tiny motes. Her hope was that the monsters were more concentrated on looking down and that at least a few of them might be affected.
Her second hope was that this was the only linked encounter, and that they hadn’t set off a series of enemies running at them in waves. 
Chapter Six – Pollen
She held her breath as the mesmer approached the pollen trap her babies set up. The fellacai each took a different area, though some of them overlapped. The fight with the giant apes mostly involved them dodging, so she hadn’t been able to see their ability, since it hadn’t had time to spread and then she’d left the affected area rather quickly. She was excited to see what it could really do.
Bolt’s pollen was the first to reach one of the mesmer, from what she could tell. Tiny arks of electricity raced over its skin, and its muscles seemed to seize up mid-jump. Instead of landing properly, it hit the branch and fell off, beginning the plummet towards the forest floor. “Shoot them as they fall!” Her mental command fell over her group, who turned as one to target the only mesmer they could see and began shooting.
She wasn’t sure if they obeyed so swiftly because of her command, if it had any effect on them, or if they heard it and decided to obey because it was common sense. Still, she was happy to see several of the arrows hit the thing, especially because the paralysis wore off before it reached the ground, so it was attempting to stabilize itself and land when the arrows struck. The mesmer tried to curl up, but didn’t seem to realize how close it was to the ground. It hit with a loud crunch...head first. She turned her attention away from the ugly splatter, figuring she no longer needed to worry about that one.
Seemingly wary of where that one fell, and rightfully so, the mesmer split up, jumping to different trees to avoid the area that they assumed was trapped. They were hissing in anger, but probably knew their hypnotism was less effective with distance, since it relied on verbal cues.
The next two to be hit were on opposite sides of where the first fell. One hit Ramoth’s area, and the creature blinked heavily for a moment as it was running, then slid forward as its muscles locked together and dropped off the side of the branch. Another hit Willow’s pollen and seemed confused as it came to a stop, wobbling slightly as it tried to catch its balance. It too fell off the branch, but managed to dig its long nails into the wood, clinging to the side as it looked around in confusion.
The falling one was peppered with arrows, twisting its head around blindly as if trying to see what was going on and hissing in pain, until it landed with another crunch. Giving up on hiding, Jade stepped out on her branch and targeted the confused one. Since it was clinging to the branch, her arrow took it cleanly in the head. The others couldn’t have shot it from below, but she could do so just fine from her vantage point in the tree behind them. The thing hung from the branch like a pinned beetle, infuriating the mesmer behind it.
Now that they’d noticed her existence, she knew she’d become the main target. Honestly, it was probably safer than having them target those below. “Ssssssshe sssssmelllsssss of magic…” They split into even more trees to approach her, and she counted eleven left. The fun thing about that? There were only seven trees they could use to reach her, and her babies were hidden on the tree with her now, sending their pollen along those branches.
“You’re all going to die.” She calmly told them as she sighted down her arrow and let it fly. The closest mesmer jumped over it, sneering as it ran towards her rather bravely, if stupidly. The others closed in on her from the other trees and were running forward as well, planning to bum rush her.
“Noooo magic from youuuu!” One of the mesmer hissed at her, and she merely grinned savagely in his direction. She stood there calmly and watched them approach, which caused half of them to break off their headlong rush forward and stop on their branches as their brethren continued forward.
There were still five approaching, and to her glee, they all seemed to be hit with pollen at the same time. Her glee turned quickly to almost retching up her lunch as she observed the effects of the pollen.
Rio and Andy’s effects were similar, at least as far as the end result was concerned. Rio’s mesmer seemed to grow a layer of ice as he skidded off the branch. It started to crack on the way down as he was hit by an arrow, and then...he seemed to shatter on impact. Andy’s turned half of the mesmer to stone, and the arrows glanced off of it as it fell, but the shrill screaming as the rock exploded on impact with the ground was horrifying. Half of its body was gone, and it lay there screaming as it bled out until an arrow ended its miserable existence.
Cosmo’s pollen was perhaps one of the most terrifying. As the mesmer ran through it, chunks of flesh were torn from its body and teleported about five feet to the side. Half a face, an arm, a foot, chunks of torso…perfectly preserved in their detached state as they began falling to the ground. The thing skidded forward, its chest continuing to take hits and being teleported away, until half of its heart had been teleported and it dropped, bouncing off of the branch to fall to the forest floor below. The impact with the ground cut off the feral screams of pain the creature was emitting. It was a horrible way to die.
Amber’s seemed to be unaffected until it got further, and it blinked rapidly as if trying to clear its eyes. “It burnsssssssss!” Its screech was raspy as it began to cough. Almost as if in reflex, it tried to wipe its eyes...and put them out with its claws. The long nails raked across its own neck and throat, and she watched as it tried to itch mindlessly, shredding its own face until a nail penetrated the brain and it went silent, falling. What gave her the most pause was the reaction. It wanted to scratch at its face, like that was something it did in the past when it had an itch. Did that mean that it hadn’t always had those long nails? She knew they had to grow at some point, but…the possibilities made her feel ill.
The last one came to an abrupt halt before turning around and running back towards its comrades. She couldn’t really blame it, having seen how gruesomely its comrades died. What did surprise her was what happened next. It went towards its nearest comrade, and at the last moment, it yelled, “Dieeeeeeeee!” Plunging claws into the heart of its comrade, it smiled evilly. Another mesmer ran over, trying to pull it off, which only got the thing to start swinging wildly at it.
She watched as they attacked each other, and it took two others to end the rogue’s life. They stared at it as it fell for a second, their eyes burning with hatred as they looked up and locked onto her. She didn’t even know what was going on, until she remembered that that was Lavender’s branch...and Lavender created illusions. It seemed the mesmer got a face full of pollen after all.
None of the mesmer moved, seeming to contemplate the girl standing boldly on the tree before them. There were only five of them left, and two of them were injured from their fight with their comrade.
She put her bow away into her ring as she prepared to cast magic. As one, the five of them hissed at her, “No magic! Come to usssssssssss.” She felt the commands hit her like a ton of bricks, and her hands dropped to her side. She began to walk forward as if in a daze, and felt the slight breeze of her fellacai clearing a path in their pollen so she could walk through unharmed. With the order concentrated on her, they were unaffected, since the mesmer assumed she was the one who’d been casting magic, given that everything happened to them when they tried to approach her.
They watched her walk along the branch, her eyes unfocused as she got closer. She could hear shouting coming from below, and one of the mesmer leaned over to command those below, “Sssssssssilence, sssssssssstay there!” The voices stopped.
“Come, come clossssser.” They enticed her with their voices, drawing her towards them, confident now that she finally succumbed to their hypnotism. When she was about ten feet away, one of them jumped towards her to grab her, claw reaching out to spill her blood in retribution for their fallen comrades.
The claw was inches from her face when it stopped, scraping along her personal wind armor. It could now see her eyes focused entirely on it, hissing as it attempted to break through her shield. “Oh, my bad, I forgot you told me not to use magic. Sorry to disappoint. I just needed to get close enough to make this work...”
The creature tried to say something, but couldn’t seem to get any words out. All five of their pale faces started to become purple as her wind walls blocked any oxygen from moving through their lungs. One of them tried to jump away, only to realize it was caught in a wind cocoon, trapping the four of them in her favored bubble. It beat helplessly at the boundary, trying to claw its way out until it collapsed, the rest of them soon following suit.
She released the wind walls blocking their throats so she didn’t kill them, then placed seeds on their chests, touching each of them and quickly beginning her siphon. With a push of her nature magic, long vines sprouted, securely binding her foes. She brought some of her metal out, forming casings around their hands so they wouldn’t be able to claw anything.
Satisfied that they were well and truly bound, she quickly grabbed them in her bubble and jumped down from the tree, her fellacai resting and nibbling on the branches as they kept watch for her. Her group saw her jumping down and seemed to let down their guard a tiny bit. Bow strings were relaxed as she landed nimbly, setting down her burden.
“Are they all dead?” One of the men asked cautiously.
She gestured to her five prisoners. “These ones are still alive, but the rest should be dead. However, I have no idea if there are more coming, so we’ve got to be quick. How are you all doing?” She scanned them, searching for the man who’d been injured.
She figured she’d found him when she saw his arm had been slashed, blood staining the edges of his armor, but showing clean skin underneath. He nodded to her when he realized her attention was on him. “I’m fine. Lewis healed me up.”
Walking over, she placed a hand on his arm, nodding to the healer, whose name she now knew to be Lewis. “Just going to remove the taint really quickly then.”
“I almost forgot about that…” She heard the young man mutter darkly, and she spared the poor healer a smile. It wasn’t his fault that he didn’t know how to remove the taint. She seriously needed to teach other people how to do it, but this probably wasn’t the time. Hand on the man’s arm where the cut was, she sent a healing surge through him to test the waters. There, she found the taint festering. The man winced as she made a small cut, drawing the taint out and healing him again behind it. Holding that sickly colored blood in her hand, she incinerated it and brushed the ash off.
“There we go. Watch the surroundings for me, will you? I’m going to create a wind wall around us so that they can’t make too much noise, but watch for anything coming.” They nodded assent as she walked over to her prisoners. They kept close so she didn’t have to make the wall any bigger than was absolutely necessary.
Using water magic, she splashed the first mesmer, then spoke coldly, layering her voice with both compulsion and hypnotism directed at only it, “Wake up.” As soon as she saw the eyelids flicker, she continued. “Stay still and do nothing except answer my questions. No magic, no hypnotism, no harm to others or yourself.” Taking a deep breath, she began. “Are there more mesmer coming?”
The monster glared at her, but finally hissed, “Yesssss, more will come. Our brethren will be avenged…”
She interrupted curtly, “When?”
It hissed at her, but her compulsion forced him to answer. “Ssssssoon. They will cut you into piecessssssss.”
“How many will come?” She was trying to speed this up, but the whole constant threats were annoying her.
“All of them… Releasssssssse me…” His voice took on a hypnotic quality, and she found herself reaching for her magic to let him go. Several of the men around her started to move towards the beast. With a quick gesture, a blade of wind flew forward, chopping off its head. The men seemed to come to, looking around in a bit of a daze before hastily taking a few steps back. She ignored the new red dot blinking in her vision.
“Good thing I captured more than one…” She muttered darkly to herself as she changed her wind wall so that only she was in there with the creatures, and the others wouldn’t be able to hear their voices. The men behind her looked a little relieved as they went back to searching the forest for enemies. At least now she knew that even as she could fight off their hypnotism, they could fight hers off too.
She repeated the process of waking up the next mesmer, quickly giving it the same orders before she started in on her questioning. “Where are your prisoners kept?”
“In the feeding pit.” It hissed angrily at her, and she realized this one was a woman, though with their disheveled appearances and ratty clothing, it was hard to tell. There was something about that clothing that was bothering her…
“Where’s the feeding pit? How do I find it?” She pushed aside her niggling doubts, wanting to get a straight answer.
“In the massssssster nesssssssst. You’ll find it when you’re taken there…” She grunted, beheading that one as it fought free of her compulsion.
With the third one, she tried to get straight to the point. “Which direction is the master nest?” The thing pointed to the west and she asked her next question. “Is the feeding pit underground?”
Ten minutes later, she’d gotten all the information she could out of the captured mesmer, beheading them all. The master nest was two nests to the west, and the feeding pit was hidden in a hollow tree in the center of the nest. The blackened trees were confirmed to be the markers of the nests, and the mesmer made homes both in the boughs, the trunk, as well as in the surrounding brush. The master nest was even better, because it was built on the ruins of an ancient city, so some of them had stone dwellings.
The last bit of information she’d gotten was that feedings happened right after sundown. Most of the mesmer fed only once a week from the feeding pit. She also knew there were ten people in the pit at the moment.
But that was it. She hadn’t been able to extract any more information from them before they broke free of her compulsion and refused to go back under, trying to compel her in return. She’d almost given in a second time, but barely managed to stop herself. Even with her advanced mental fortitude, she had to fight to maintain her own control.
She dropped the wall between her and her guards, shaking her head as she looked at the sky. Dusk was starting to fall. It wouldn’t be long before it was fully dark. She finally realized that the trees were what allowed the mesmer to be active during the day. Even though they could see, the light was tinted a dark green that made it seem as if it was dusk most of the time anyway, at least until real dusk fell and it deepened to almost pitch black.
Her instincts told her to go, to rescue them tonight, before the mesmer had warning. “What is it? Why do you look so conflicted?” Marcelle’s soft voice pulled her from her thoughts.
Jade gestured to the sky. “It’s going to be dark soon. If we use lights, we’ll be a giant target. The dark is when they’re strongest, and my fellacai don’t see extraordinarily well at night either, so we’d be without their protection. The feedings happen at sundown...we’ll be too late tonight, no matter what.”
Marcelle looked thoughtful, then sighed and nodded. “We have to go back, and quickly.”
Jade nodded, glaring in the direction of the master nest. “It means they’re going to be better prepared tomorrow too. They’ll be more alert, and possibly lay traps.”
Patting her shoulder, Marcelle spoke softly, “We’ll have to take that chance.”
“Okay. Let me fly up above the canopy one last time so I can get a lock on where we need to go tomorrow, then we’ll leave using a wind bubble. We need to be quick, and I’m going to need to rest after, but it’s the best way to leave them confused as to what happened.”
Marcelle nodded, and Jade jumped, the alteration of her gravity having become almost second nature to her at this point. Up the tree she went, passing her fellacai as she flew into the sky, able to see the brilliance of the setting sun turning the leaves orange and purple in its glow. She looked to the west, making sure she knew which clump of bad trees marked the master nest. She shouldn’t have been surprised to see how large the area was.
Absorbing the last of the fading light as quickly as she could, she dove down into the trees once more, collecting her fellacai on the way down. They clung to her hair as she reached the forest floor where her group was waiting, standing as tightly packed as they could. She smiled wearily, standing within an inch of them as they were lifted off of the ground. She raised them twenty feet into the air, then shot them forward like a wind bullet once more.
Traveling at high speeds through the air, the ground that took most of the afternoon to cover was traversed in a little under an hour. She didn’t let them touch the ground until they reached the boulder, creating a wind ramp straight into the secret tunnel. The guards posted in the hallway were startled, but they reacted quickly to welcome and usher them inside.
She closed the door behind her, staring at it for a moment.
Just how much was she willing to risk?
Chapter Seven – Motives
“Lady Jade, is everything okay?” She heard the hesitant voice from behind her and snapped out of her small stupor.
Turning, she smiled at the man. “Not really, but there’s not much to do about it right now.” He grimaced a little, nodding. She patted him on the shoulder as she walked past, trying to keep up her smile, even if it felt more like a grimace.
As she entered the big common room, her eyes were drawn to the makeshift table once more. Marcelle was already there setting up the mirrors to contact those back in Caoi. The others were either cleaning up or preparing food. It looked like they were cooking some of the ape meat over a magical fire, which was a good thing, considering that it didn’t produce smoke.
Her babies flew off to explore the place, leaving her alone. Walking over to the cold room she’d created, she indeed found that one of the apes was skinned and cut apart. With a wave of her hand, she deposited the two beithiche there as well, wanting to clear up the space in her ring.
Absently, she reached into that space, using up most of her remaining energy to make it larger. The two beasts made it decently crowded on top of everything else she had in there. She hadn’t even had room to bring back a mesmer body to study.
With a sigh, she realized she was delaying her return to the main room, so therefore she forced herself to get moving once more. Walking over, she dropped into the seat next to Marcelle which one of the men hastily pulled out for her as she approached. She heard a soft gasp as she came into view of the mirror, and glanced up to find their majesties staring at her in something akin to horror.
“Jade, are you alright?” Ashanna’s voice was filled with worry as she studied Jade through the mirror.
A little puzzled at the strong reaction, Jade shrugged. “I’m fine. Why?”
Marcelle coughed into her hand, then reached over, pulling one of the not-currently-in-use mirrors and handing it to Jade so she could look at herself. Staring back at her was a pale creature, dark circles beneath her eyes. She was splattered with blood, and there were dirt and sweat streaks faintly visible. Her hair was sticking up in odd directions from her braid, and there were several twigs and leaves that’d gotten in there somehow. In short, she looked like a hot mess.
Growling with annoyance, she called on her water and blood magic, cleaning the blood, sweat, and dirt from her body and leaving it in perfect little balls on the table next to her. The leaves were pulled from her hair, which she finger combed back into some semblance of normality. The whole process took maybe thirty seconds, at which point she put the mirror down and realized everyone was watching her transformation. She shrugged, smiling wearily at the mirror as she asked, “Better?”
“You’re much less alarming now, yes. It appears you had an eventful day.” King Derrick was smiling kindly at her as he responded.
She sighed, nodding as she glanced at Marcelle, “Eventful is one way to put it.”
He chucked a little grimly. “I figured as much when you ran out on us earlier.” Oh yeah, right. She’d basically hung up mid-call when Andy was in trouble. She’d totally forgotten about that. Marcelle must’ve checked back in while she was taking a nap before they left again and let him know what happened.
“Sorry about that.” She smiled apologetically at them, but Ashanna quickly waved her hands.
“Don’t worry about that. Marcelle was telling us you found a nest?”
Jade paused to think about it before shaking her head. “Actually, we didn’t reach the nest. We fought two groups that came from it, but we never stepped foot in the nest itself. We did kill sixteen mesmer, but I’ve no idea how many were in the nest to begin with.” She never had gotten a straight answer when she asked for specific numbers. Shaking off those thoughts, she began again. “However, we did receive information on where the captives are being kept, and we’ll go to that nest tomorrow.” Provided they hadn’t already been moved, that was.
“I see. Well, please keep us updated.” King Derrick asked her politely, and she nodded, standing to walk away, since his words were as good as a dismissal. She could tell he wanted to talk more with Marcelle, so she removed herself, making her way towards the cooking station.
“Ah, Lady Jade! Do you want to try the oreither?” She paused, staring at Garrik for a moment before comprehension dawned. She’d never gotten the name of the monkey-ape thing that she’d killed earlier. She nodded, and Garrik quickly cut a length of meat that was crispy golden off of the turning spit. He grabbed a bowl from the stack next to him, plating the meat and handing it to Jade.
She smirked mischievously at him, feeling a little more like her old self. “You realize if you give me portions that size, I’m going to have to come back about twenty times before I’m full, right?”
“I don’t think you could fit twenty of those in your stomach if you tried. You’re way too tiny.” She laughed as she turned around to face a shameless Matthew, who was standing behind her and grinning with several other men. His next point made sense, however. “Besides, you’ve probably never eaten a true forest creature. The mana density is much higher than what we normally eat in the city.”
Regarding her meat with renewed interest, she grabbed a blanket from her ring and spread it out on the ground, plopping down to sit on it not three feet from the magical fire. Garrik laughed softly as he asked, “Lady Jade, what are you doing?”
She grinned up at him and the others, sticking her tongue out. “Sitting down to eat. Now the rest of you get meat and sit down too! I haven’t had a chance to talk to any of you, so now’s as good a time as any!” There were chuckles from the men, but they obediently moved to help Garrik carve off more pieces of meat and put them in bowls, folding down to sit on the blanket with her, though their armor made it slightly more uncomfortable for them, she could tell. She gestured to the armor. “You could take that off, you know. It’s very unlikely that we’ll be attacked in here.”
The four men exchanged glances, and the youngest of them, who looked to be only a few years out of Dracona at best, answered. “I understand you have confidence in what you’ve created, but unfortunately, it hasn’t been tested through a night yet, so I think most of us are more comfortable being ready just in case.” He ran a hand nervously through his short black hair, his striking blue eyes looking down, basically at anything but her.
She blinked for a moment, then shook her head. “Of course, I didn’t even think about that. Sorry, I must be more tired than I thought. Please, eat up. Although, I would like to know your names.” She led by example, taking a bite out of her meat, having carved off a small piece with one of her knives. She was basically doubling them as her utensils like all the others. Only Garrik had used a long prong with his knife to carve, probably since he was taking it directly from the fire.
Planning on questioning them further, she basically forgot everything else as the meat entered her mouth. She hummed in pure pleasure as it practically melted along her taste buds. Even before she swallowed, she could feel her energy levels going up, transferred from the delicious morsel. “So good…” She mumbled as she swallowed and quickly shoved another piece in her mouth.
Muffled laughter rang in her ears, and she looked up to find everyone nearby looking at her and struggling to hold in their guffaws at her antics. Still, her gaze was drawn to the beast being roasted on a spit. It was only one of seven, and it looked like only maybe a fourth of it was on the spit at the moment. They were huge beasts, after all. Plus she had the two invisible panther things that were also decently large. She did some quick mental calculations on how much meat that was, deciding that she needed to keep some on her at all times, especially at night. This could help solve some of her energy issues!
“I have a feeling our supply of that meat just got a lot lower.” The grizzled man next to her made his keen observation with a low chuckle, having noticed the calculating look on her face as she stared at the meat. She looked over at him a little sheepishly as he grinned. “It’s only fair, since you killed the beasts.”
She shook her head. “I have major depletion issues. I keep having to drain light or eat massive amounts of food in order to keep my energy up. It would be wonderful to not have to do that, or to have a better option at night.” Having said that, she immediately grinned and took another large bite, savoring the mana-filled taste. The men around her laughed again, and she enjoyed the sound. It’d been so grim on this trip; a moment to mentally relax and enjoy life was exactly what they all needed. She smiled at him as she quickly swallowed. “So, tell me about yourself.”
He grinned at her, age lines showing up more prominently as he did so, which made her realize he was a lot older than she’d originally guessed. She’d thought he was probably in his forties, but despite not having a single gray hair sprinkled throughout the black, his light blue eyes seemed to have seen ages pass by. “I’m Baron Harrison Stewart. I’ve got five children grown, but you’ve actually met my youngest.” He gestured to the side of the room, and she noticed the young man who’d been hit by the mesmer during their last skirmish talking to one of the other men. Now that she was looking, their coloring was almost exactly the same.
Harrison went on in a quiet voice so that only those in their small group could hear. “My son volunteered for the mission, which fairly terrified my wife, but Samuel’s always been strong willed. Instead of trying to stop him, I decided I’d come as well and make sure he returned home.” He smiled at his son one more time before turning back to his food and nodding to Jade. “That’s how you ended up with an old man like me on your team.”
Laying a hand on his shoulder, Jade smiled softly at him. “No, that’s how I was lucky enough to get a veteran with lots of experience on my team.” He nodded at her, and she looked down at her bowl, realizing she’d finished the first bit of meat she’d been given. Looking up at Garrik, she grinned and held her bowl out with both hands. “Please sir, I want some more.” She affected her best doe eyes as she did so, which had the group chuckling again.
Garrik took the bowl, shaking his head as he grinned. “Yeah, yeah, I’ll get you more.”
He proceeded to start cutting another slice for her as she murmured under her breath, “It’s always yes, never yeah.” She grinned innocently at him as he raised a brow, seeming to be asking what she mumbled. She made innocent eyes at him and he sighed, handing her bowl back. It had twice the amount of meat in it than before, and she chirped happily, “Thanks!” He shook his head ruefully and went back to grilling the meat. Turning back to the group, she gestured to the man next to Harrison. “So, what’s your story? How’d you end up with this group?”
She quickly popped another piece of meat into her mouth, savoring it as she waited for his answer. He was studying his meat, so she took the moment to try and figure out why he looked so familiar. His standard brown military buzz cut was something many of the guards sported. He looked to be in his late twenties, but it wasn’t until he met her gaze and she got a clear look at his dark green eyes that she made the connection.
He confirmed her suspicions when he spoke. “My name is Daniel Whitaker. You’ve also met some of my family as well: my cousin Glen and my grandfather, Ammon.” When he realized she was nodding in easy acceptance, he smiled a little grimly. “They both speak very highly of you. Glen tried to volunteer, but he was rejected because he’s still in the academy. Grandpa tried to convince Marcelle to let him take her place as well, but she was adamant about coming herself, and they couldn’t send both commanders. Since neither of them could come, I volunteered in their place. You saved my grandfather, and our family always repays a debt. After today, though...I can see why they had confidence that you could succeed where we’ve failed over the years.”
The mood turned a bit more somber with that statement, and she replied morosely, “We haven’t exactly succeeded yet.”
The man to her right chuckled darkly, and she looked at him curiously. “What do you mean, ‘we haven’t succeeded’? We’ve figured out how to find their nests and eliminated sixteen of them without losing a single one of us. Do you have any idea how amazing that is?” When she stared at him, he smiled self-consciously, running a hand through slightly longer dark brown hair. He had a rather prominent nose and full lips, but his hazel eyes were filled with an intensity while he spoke.
“My name is Sir Ashton Ross, and this is the fourth mesmer hunt I’ve been on. My little sister was taken nearly seven years ago, and I’ve volunteered for every hunt I could since then. I’ll probably never find her remains, but at least I can have my revenge. On two of the last hunts, we never found them. We were beset with creatures and had to turn back before we even came close. On the third, we found one of their hunting parties. We managed to kill the six of them, but at the loss of eight of our own.” He looked at his hands as he finished with a whisper, “So yes, to me, this is a success.”
“Oh.” The word slipped out as she looked down, quickly putting more meat in her mouth so she didn’t have to think of another response. She wasn’t quite sure what else to say. Her own motives for being out here seemed so selfish in comparison to these men. She didn’t want to be hunted...well no, that wasn’t entirely it. She wanted to save Frank, Tisha, Hayden, Hunter, and the others that were taken. So she had one selfish and one altruistic motive.
She was drawn out of her contemplations by the last man speaking. “I’m Sir Zachary Caron.” When she looked up at him, he continued with a smile. “My family has a long history of serving the church, and the travelers. As an emissary of the heavens, it is our duty to help you in your quests. I’ve always believed this, so when I heard that you called for a hunt, I naturally volunteered with my cousins, though only I was selected. It is an honor to serve with you, Lady Jade.” The thin man gave a sweeping bow from where he was sitting, making Jade rather uncomfortable.
Having a zealot in the group was probably something she should have expected, given what she’d heard in the church. Actually, given the nature of the church, she should probably be grateful that he was the only religious zealot she knew of in the group so far. Marcelle and Ashton were both here for revenge, Daniel for duty and to repay a life debt, Harrison was here to guard his son–she wasn’t sure why his son volunteered–and then Zachary the zealot. Had a nice ring to it, at least.
As the awkward moment went on, she realized he was waiting for a response before he’d get up from his bow. She spoke hastily, “Thank you for your service, but please, get up. I’m just a normal person. Please, call me Jade. I’m not really one for formality.” The man nodded slightly as he rose to a normal position, and Jade realized she’d cleaned out her bowl a second time. In order to try and lighten the mood a little once more, she turned to Garrik again. “More, please!”
He shook his head, placing some of the meat he’d already carved off into her bowl. “I didn’t think it was really possible. With meat this mana-rich, most people would be uncomfortably full by now.”
Grinning impishly at him, she shook her head. “I normally eat a good five full plates at most mealtimes just to maintain myself, and still have to absorb light after to fully recharge.” Everyone from the group was staring blankly at her, and she tilted her head slightly, asking, “What?”
“And you claim to be a normal girl.” Harrison guffawed at her. She stuck her tongue out at him, and he shook his head. “My daughter or granddaughters would die of fright if they even considered eating that much.”
She laughed and shrugged. “I like food, and for some reason, I seem to be able to eat almost endlessly and convert it into energy. It’s been a struggle though. I have to carry large quantities around with me to make sure I can replenish when needed, and trying to eat a huge amount of food in the middle of a fight seems like a bad idea.”
With that said, she grinned and went back to eating her meat. Harrison and the others finished theirs off, and Harrison stood, straightening his clothes. When Jade sent him a questioning look, he grinned. “You put the beithiche in your cold room, right?” When she nodded, he grinned. “I’m going to go skin and prepare it. It has a higher mana content than the oreithers, so I’ll make sure you have plenty in case of emergencies.”
“I’ll help. There were two of them, after all.” Daniel stood up, grinning at her as she moved to stand with them. He motioned her to stay. “Sit, sit. You did most of the heavy lifting today. You still look a bit like you’re going to drop from exhaustion. Finish eating and then get some sleep. We’re here to help, so please, let us do at least this much.”
She smiled at him, settling back down as the four of them headed towards the cold room in unison, the others apparently having decided to help as well. She munched on her meat, looking up at Garrik as he turned the spit. Feeling her gaze on him, he met her eyes, smiling down at her. He’d obviously been listening to their conversation, though he hadn’t said much.
He seemed amused as he spoke, “I suppose you want to know my motives for coming as well, then?” When she eagerly nodded, he shook his head wryly. “I seem to be the odd man out. I don’t have an ulterior reason. Where the others volunteered, Marcelle asked me if I’d be willing to come. I frequently venture out to the woods on hunting missions, so I’m familiar with how we normally survive out here, as well as the areas we’ve explored in our hunts. I just enjoy being outside the city walls. I know it’s dangerous, but I feel more at peace amongst the trees. Maybe it’s because I’m a nature mage.”
Shrugging nonchalantly, he turned back to make sure none of the meat was getting overly crispy as he sliced off the cooked outer sections, putting them on a tray she hadn’t noticed before.
“Where are you going to put the meat?” She asked curiously, and he turned back to her in surprise.
Taking a moment to think about it, he shrugged and answered, “Actually, I don’t know. We normally bring most of the creatures back to the city, and only cook whatever we need at that moment.”
She nodded before taking out two large cubes of metal from her ring. He shifted slightly so he could watch both her and the fire. Having been recharged a decent bit by the meat she’d been eating, she had enough energy to do what she wanted. Glancing around, she realized they were about ten feet from the wall, so she carried the blocks to it and started shaping the metal.
It took her several minutes, but by the time she was done, there were two industrial sized ‘coolboxes’ standing upright against the wall. She’d made them more like refrigerators, in that they were upright, had doors that opened and closed instead of a trunk lid, and shelves inside to put things on. The inside was, of course, lined with freezing water magic to achieve that effect. Using her mana sight, she could see the tiny tendrils of mana being pulled from the surroundings to power them.
Satisfied, she stepped back and brushed her hands off, turning to find most of the cavern staring at her. Smiling innocently, she walked over to Garrik’s tray, where she swiped half of the meat on it into her ring and then grabbed her blanket as well. “I think I’ll take a nap now.” She announced before walking into one of the unoccupied rooms and out of sight.
With relief, she pulled out the bedroll she’d been given, laying it out before sitting. She took the time to munch on the meat she’d snagged, recovering more of her energy before she lay down completely. She could hear people opening and closing the doors of her coolbox repeatedly, and had to suppress her giggles.
Feeling at peace, she drifted off to sleep.
Chapter Eight – Truth
Day Eleven
When Jade woke, it took her a few seconds to remember where she was. She felt oddly refreshed and alert, which made little sense until she realized she’d forgotten to siphon anyone before she went to sleep. Checking her pocket watch, it was almost one in the morning. She’d fallen asleep shortly after eating, but that had only been around seven. That meant she’d gotten almost six hours of uninterrupted sleep for the first time in over a week.
Stretching, she used water magic to quickly clean herself as she stood up, glancing around the room. Her babies were sleeping in the tree she’d barely managed to remember to grow before she drifted off earlier. Lilith stirred, and she watched her tiny baby look up at her and ask in a tired voice, “Leaving now?”
Smiling, she reached over and stroked Lilith with a feather-light touch. “Just me. You stay here and sleep. You’ve earned it.” Lilith murmured a sleepy assent as Jade whispered, “Be good while I’m gone. Love you.” Lilith rubbed her tiny head against Jade’s finger, then settled back to sleep. Standing up, she walked out into the main room silently.
Everything was still, the others having gone to sleep hours ago as well. She could occasionally hear the shifting of animals in the corral she’d created for them, but that was it. Still, there were signs that they’d been cooking for quite some time, considering the utensils that were laying around. She quietly opened the doors of the fridges she’d made, seeing stacks of meat inside. Happily waving her hands, everything save one shelf disappeared into her ring, with her grabbing a piece and beginning to munch on it as she closed the doors once more.
Making her way to the tunnel, she noticed the whites of two pairs of eyes turning to her as she momentarily blocked the light when she entered the darkness. Walking towards them, she found Samuel and another man whom she hadn’t spoken to standing guard, though at the moment they were paying more attention to her than to the stone door they were guarding.
“Lady Jade?” Samuel’s young voice questioned quietly.
Smiling, her pearly whites flashed in the darkness as she whispered, “It’s me. I’m going to go out and do some scouting. I’ll be back in a few hours, or make contact if it’s going to take me longer.”
There was obvious hesitation on their faces as Samuel continued to question her, “Are you sure you shouldn’t be taking someone with you, at least?”
She shook her head. “No; for what I’m doing, it’s better to go alone. No one else can travel through the trees like I can, so I’ll be much faster solo. Besides, if I run into any problems, I can fly above the treeline to escape. Not to mention, I’m the only one who can see in the dark.” They didn’t have any argument for that.
“Be safe,” the other man whispered in acquiescence.
She nodded to him, “I will.” She quickly opened up several viewing windows in front of them, each window peeking out to the world above from different angles. She shifted them several times, moving them to locations she’d been and making sure there were no enemies or ambushes nearby. When she saw no movement, monsters, or felt any danger from her senses, she nodded. “All right, I’m off. See you in a few hours.” She flashed them one last grin before opening the rock door, lowering her gravity, and bounding out to hover midair. She closed the door behind her with a little salute to the two guards, making sure it was concealed before she started floating up towards the tree tops.
She made sure to move her trajectory several trees to the west before she landed, just in case. She then began opening tiny illusory windows up along the path they’d taken today, until she finally reached the site of the fight. There, she saw movement. There were three mesmer gathering up the bodies of their fallen brethren. Quickly closing the window before they could realize they were being watched, she smiled and began to run.
Her eyes quickly adjusted to the darkness that pervaded the forest. There was still some light filtering down through the leaves thanks to the moon, but she could see as clearly as if it was almost day. She mostly attributed this to her keen senses, given that she’d partially acquired the skill by absorbing darkvision. She hadn’t been lying when she’d told the men she could see in the dark. She still didn’t like the dark, but she couldn’t really shy away from it at the moment.
Night was the time of the mesmer. While it would be smarter to only face them in the daytime when they were at their weakest or resting, she found she was unable to make herself wait until the sun rose. She couldn’t take the chance that the mesmer would adapt or get nervous and move their prisoners. All of this ran through her head as she bounded through the woods from branch to branch, her foot barely skimming the wood before she bounced off again due to her low gravity and monstrous strength.
Running like this was actually a much lower strain on her body than trying to move twelve people using her wind bubble. As such, it was around forty-five minutes later when she reached her destination. She’d nibbled on some of the meat along the way, and it was doing a fantastic job of keeping her energy in peak condition, as mana rich as it was.
When she was within a half mile of where the fight took place, she’d gotten more serious, putting the meat away and slowing down to stealth through the trees. The three mesmer she’d seen were on the ground, but she wanted to make sure the treetops were clear before she went lower. It was a good thing she did, because there was a lone mesmer patrolling the treetops, looking for evidence of what happened in the branches. It was currently inspecting the spot where she’d pinned the second mesmer like a bug.
