
*****************************************************
*****************************************************
Your ebook has decrypted.
The TXT file just save 20% of ebook content.
Please register the software, then get all contents and the valid ebook format.
*****************************************************
*****************************************************


    The Third Realm
Ten Realms Book 3
By: Michael Chatfield
Chapter: Alchemist Association Contest
“Buy your tickets here to see the Alchemy masters of Girus go head to head to compete for the right to join the Alchemist Association’s membership contest! Only fifteen gold a ticket!”
Erik and Rugrat looked at each other at the price.
“Worse than beers at a sports stadium,” Rugrat complained.
They moved to the gates into the city.
“Five gold,” a guard said.
Erik and Rugrat passed the man the money and he let them pass into the city.
Erik took in a deep breath. The city was cleaner than Kaeju and Taeman. No, that’s not right. There are more medicinal scents in the air. This kind of density, it can only come from a place where alchemy is used every day and alchemy ingredients can be found in abundance.
Erik looked around as they walked into the city.
The stalls in Taeman city had been focused on jewels and items to show off one’s wealth. The ones in Kaeju had been focused on ores, smithing tools and the like as they were closer to several mining towns.
In Girus, people were selling all manner of apothecary items, Alchemy tools and ingredients.
“Solution of concentration! Increase your concentration when working on your Alchemy skills, your tailor skills and others! No longer have your mind wander! One pot for seventy silver!” a merchant called out.
“Magical Adderall.” Rugrat snorted.
“I know people said that the Third Realm was dominated by alchemists but this is a bit crazy,” Erik said.
“Well, the Fourth Realm looks like it won’t be a walk in the park either,” Rugrat said.
Erik nodded. “The war realm, where heroes are born, strive and die.”
They moved through the crowds, taking in the city. Merchants tried to pull them over to their stalls, selling ingredients and stamina potions, but only a small percentage of the concoctions made in the third realm were sold there, most were sold to the fourth realm for greater profit.
The variety and number of ingredients and alchemy tools and paraphernalia took up over three quarters of the market with no lack of buyers browsing their wares.
Rugrat stopped in front of a large weapon store and looked at Erik. “Might as well see what people are fighting with.”
They entered the store, finding walls of weapons, swords, shields, daggers, bows, arrows and pikes. Helmets, armors, and boots could be seen as well.
“Leather and light armors.” Rugrat dismissed the armors in one shot.
He squinted, looking at the arrows and bows. He wandered over to a counter with different arrow types. He pointed at them. “See that hollow space there, the lining on the arrowhead? It’s meant to hold poison. That blade there, in the hilt there is a pressure sac that will push poison out of a hidden bladder in the hilt and push it into the carved channels of the blade. That weapon there has been made with a poisonous enhancer. The entire metal is poisonous, if one coated it with poison as well. Two poisons in one hit.”
Erik didn’t say anything, looking over the weapons.
“Enchantments can only yield one result, but we have dozens of poisons that will affect your opponent in different ways. All of our weapons are made to make it easier to poison your target.” The stall merchant’s eyes glowed as she heard Rugrat’s praises.
“The detail and craftsmanship—how were you able to get such fine channels without degrading the overall strength of the weapon?” Rugrat asked, interested.
“Mortal-grade iron chisels and blades were needed to lay out the designs and then passed over with Mana Blades. The slightest deviation and the channels would have been ruined, the weapon turned useless and losing its strength.”
Erik, who was just listening in on the conversation, was stunned by her knowledge. You’re not in the Second Realm anymore.
“Mana Blade?” Rugrat looked thoughtful.
The woman looked him over. “Are you a blacksmith as well?”
“Yes, but I haven’t seen someone use this Mana Blade on weapons before. Do you have any for sale?”
The woman smiled, as if looking at an adorable puppy. “We have them for sale but they are spells, not items. They are used by formation masters to carve into different materials easier. They can also be used to shape a weapon and add in finer details.”
“Do you have smithing items?” Rugrat asked, getting excited.
“We have a small selection of items that can be used in smithing as well. Do you want me to show you?”
“Please!”
She took them away from the arrows and down a hall with more walls of weapons and armors. They reached a simpler-looking wall that showed different enhancers on the walls as well as different types of woods, ores, animal tendons and so on. All the supplies one could need for smithing were on display. Off to the side, there was another table taking in weapons and items to be repaired.
A woman manning the counter looked up from the items she was putting away and smiled to the attendant who guided them over here.
“We are looking for a Mana Blade spell book. Does anything else take your fancy? We have a large array of enhancers, as well as iron and a limited amount of Mortal-grade iron ingots,” the attendant said.
Rugrat looked over the items on the wall, his eyes shining as if he were looking at the holy land.
After a few moments, Erik coughed and nudged Rugrat, returning him to the present.
“I’m sorry. What was that?”
The attendant and the woman behind the counter both laughed at his actions.
“Would you like to look at the different enhancers?” the woman behind the counter offered, pulling out a book.
“Please!” Rugrat said.
She put the book on the counter and opened it to the page with all of the enhancers that she had in stock.
Underneath each of them was a small description of what the enhancer did, and a small number off to the side, almost hidden.
Erik gulped as he saw the prices of the different enhancers.
Between them, Erik and Rugrat had two hundred gold. They had left the rest of their wealth in the Alva treasury for Alva’s expansion and to upgrade the different workshops and parts of the academy.
There were tens of enhancers but their prices went from sixty silver to two gold.
Seeing that Rugrat was absorbed in the list of enhancers and would be for some time, Erik cleared his throat to get the attendant’s attention.
“Is there anything that you would like to look at as well?” the attendant asked.
“I heard something about an Alchemy contest?” Erik asked, remembering the person yelling at the Ten Realms totem.
“There is a contest held once every six months. Second-tiered cities and below have a limited amount of spots per city. People fight for these spots and advance to the first tiered cities. They will have to compete against people from the first tiered cities. Then they will head to the regional headquarters to take the final test held at one of the Alchemist Associations regional headquarters.
“They will have to walk the path of Alchemy. Those who reach the end will become candidates of the Alchemist Association. Based on their ability, they can directly join the Alchemist Association. Some will remain candidates for the rest of their lives as they were able to walk the path but their ability isn’t high enough to be officially recognized by the Alchemist Association,” the woman replied.
“What kind of level of concoction would one need to make in the tier-one runnings?”
The attendant turned thoughtful. “Last year, the lowest someone used was mid-Apprentice-level concoction, with the highest a high-Apprentice concoction, reaching high Apprentice.” She nodded, confirming her thoughts.
“Only Apprentice?” Erik muttered to himself and looked back to Rugrat.
He missed the attendant’s apprehensive look.
The Minor Healing powder that I learned from Old Hei was a mid-Apprentice-level concoction. If I was to increase the efficacy, wouldn’t that be enough?
Erik paused, thinking on it. Am I thinking too small? This is a city with a lot of ingredients. Surely there are a few formulas that I can buy from the different vendors, right?
“The first tiered cities and the Regional headquarters, what is it like?” Erik said, making his tone turn excited.
The woman smiled and looked around, it seemed she was interested in the topic as well.
“Well as you know the second tiered cities and below might be graced with one low journeyman level alchemist, there are mid level journeyman alchemists in the first tiered cities, a high or peak journeyman level alchemist in the Regional headquarters,” Her voice turned into a whisper.
“The three division heads rule over the entire third realm, each holding one expert level alchemist,” She said in agitation.
“An expert level alchemist,” Erik didn’t need to fake his shock, his eyes shining in excitement.
“Though the division headquarters are much more exclusive than the regional headquarters, there might be millions of people in the regional headquarters, but the Division headquarters have ten million or maybe a million and less. Every person that goes to the division headquarters are people at the peak of the third realm!”
“When is the contest being held?”
“One needs to sign up and pass the preliminary tests within the next three days.”
“Are there any places that sell Alchemy formulas nearby?” Erik asked rapidly.
“There are several large establishments that sell Alchemy formulas,” she said quickly.
“Is there a Blue Lotus location here?”
“Those can only be found in tier-three cities and larger.” She looked at Erik in a new light.
“What are you going on about back there?” Rugrat turned around.
“I’m going to enter this Alchemy contest. Old Man Hei taught me all I know and he said that he would be returning to the Third Realm to pursue Alchemy once again. I want to see if I can find him again. I owe him a lot,” Erik said.
“What do you win from the contest?” Rugrat looked to the attendant.
“You can gain the pass to the second-tier city.”
“No money or anything else? That’s kind of cheap,” Rugrat complained.
The attendant coughed and the woman behind the counter looked shocked at his words.
“What? Isn’t it only entry into the Alchemist Association?” Rugrat shrugged.
“Each contest is different but first place can get Mortal Mana stones and a formula. The second will get Mana stones as well but a lower-grade formula. Third place will only get Mana stones. Fourth and fifth will just get a Mortal Mana stone or something of similar value,” the attendant said.
“It’s worth giving it a shot to see what these contests are like. Those places that sell formulas—would you be able to tell me where they are? Also, where could I do the test to qualify for the contest held here in Girus?”
***
Erik and Rugrat made plans to meet up later, with Rugrat buying a few different types of enhancers when Erik left for the few stores the attendant had listed out.
He made it to the first store. There were two sections. One had people gathering different kinds of ingredients and selling them to the people standing below. Then there was another section, with people taking out manuals and books that were secured in boxes that one could look through but had alarm formations engraved into them.
So many people browsing. Truly the Third Realm is a place of alchemists.
The place was packed asshole to elbow with those trying to get more ingredients or books.
Erik stepped into the line that went to the book counters.
“Have you heard? The lord’s son and daughter are both joining in on this year’s contest,” one of the people in line said to his friends.
The others all groaned.
“We only have five spots and they’ll take up two of the spots, leaving only three more spots for the rest of us. This second Alchemist Association application isn’t going to be simple to earn, that’s for sure,” another replied.
“Why do you think there are so many people coming to get ingredients? They’re all trying to increase the strength of their concoctions through practice so they pass the first round.”
“There are still the other rounds in the other cities and then the Path of Alchemy trial. It is not enough to just have the ability to make a Journeyman-level concoction. One needs to also know Alchemy ingredients, and mutations, to list them out in the books of ingredients!”
“If one knows an ingredient well enough, then it will be imprinted in their mind, you know. If one has the Mana stones to burn, then they can buy Alchemy ingredient technique books.”
“I heard that there was an information book of fifty Alchemy ingredients—went for three Mana stones!”
The others clicked their tongues or shook their heads.
“Only the large clans have that kind of wealth. Isn’t it cheating to get all of that knowledge from information books?”
“If you had that kind of money, would you be saying the same thing?” another shot back.
They all fell silent, clearly unhappy with the matter.
Seems it’s not all that easy to compete with the clans here either.
If he was able to understand all of the effects of the ingredient, then it was as if it would be imprinted upon his mind. Much like how Rugrat was able to imprint different items into his mind. If Rugrat knew the design to an intimate degree, how to form it, the strength, the way to make it, then it was burned into his brain.
If he scanned it and really understood it, he could rely on his own memory to craft it.
If Erik knew more ingredients, then it was possible for him to substitute them for others as he already demonstrated. He still hadn’t given up his idea of making an Alchemy concoction from simple herbs and resources that could be found in a market in a hope to reduce the cost of practicing Alchemy.
He waited his turn when he was called up to the counter.
“Hello. What might I be able to help you with?” The man smiled.
“Can I see a list of the formulas that you have for sale?”
“Certainly.”
A book was produced and Erik went through them all like a fat kid at a bakery.
An Apprentice-grade powder formula could cost one hundred gold to nearly two hundred depending on effects, ease to make, and the cost of the concoctions produced. A potion could reach up to four hundred gold; a pill, one Mana stone. The actual concoctions could be tens or hundreds of times cheaper, but if they were easier to make, then it wouldn’t be long till the alchemist made their money back and then some.
The more expensive the formula, the stronger the effects, the rarer it was and the greater return that the alchemist could expect.
If the formula was hard to make, then the price decreased, normal supply and demand at work here as well, some things are just universal.
To make money, first you need to spend it.
Erik gritted his teeth, looking through the book. He simply didn’t have the funds to buy these formulas. “Thank you.” Erik turned to leave.
The man’s smile at the counter dimmed as he snorted. “If you don’t have the money, then there is no need to waste my time as well.”
I can only rely on the formulas that I have to pass this test. I think I just need to get more ingredients so I can increase my knowledge of them. I won’t be able to beat anyone with just my Stamina, Mana, and healing powders. If I want to win, I will need to increase the efficacy to increase my score. I could recreate the Age Rejuvenation potions but I want to keep those a secret. I won’t be safe if people figure out I’m the creator of the potion. Even the Blue Lotus was moved and is interested in them.
Erik looked up. While he had been thinking on his plan of action, he had arrived at one of the registration booths for the qualification tests.
“Place your concoction on the testing square and your hand beside it,” a bored and tired-looking woman said, as if she had repeated the process over and over again till it was imprinted on her mind.
Erik took out a healing powder vial and placed some of it on the testing area. He placed his hand next to it.
A green light appeared on the upright machine and a medallion came out of the side.
“Passed. Here is your participation medallion. Next!”
They really are efficient. Erik left the testing area. Now I need to get some more ingredients so I can try to increase the efficacy of my concoctions.
Chapter: Trial and Error
Rugrat had purchased some fifty different enhancers, spending eighty or so gold on them all. 
The most expensive purchase had been the thirty-five gold spell book. 
He had taken his purchases and went to an inn, booking a room for three nights. He sent Erik the location and headed up to the room. He locked the door and took out the spell book. 
========== 
Technique Book: Mana Blade 
========== 
Do you wish to activate this Technique book? Doing so will destroy this Technique book. 
========== 
YES/NO 
========== 
========== 
You have learned the spell: Mana Blade. Your spell book has been updated. 
========== 
========== 
Mana Blade 
========== 
Apprentice 
========== 
Create a Blade formed of Mana 
========== 
Consumption of Mana based on area and effect 
========== 
Rugrat held out his hand. Mana started to light up in his hand, threads of it wrapping together to create a simple blade in his hand. 
Rugrat moved it around, feeling the substance of it. 
He altered the knife, changing its appearance. He opened his hand, letting the knife drop. As it left his hand, it turned into motes of Mana, dissipating into the world. 
He created another in his hand and pulled out a block of iron. Taking the knife, he cut into the block. It was hard but it worked. 
He pulled the blade out and looked at the jagged line. “Well, ain’t pretty but it works.” He looked at the blade and focused on it. 
Like he had done nearly a dozen times before, he focused on the Mana in his body, compressing it, sharpening it. He focused on that and then looked to replicate it in the blade. 
After a few failures, he felt as if it worked and took the blade to the iron block. There was still resistance, but it was less. As though he was carving wood with a sharpened knife instead of trying to carve it with a butter knife. 
Rugrat worked with the blade, cutting into the iron. He cut out a metal hilt and then started to add details and smooth it out. 
Then he pulled out a Mortal-grade iron ingot and started to carve into it. Metal shavings were all over the table he was working on. The blade changed in his hand, allowing him to easily carve through the metal. 
He was interrupted by a knock at the door. 
Rugrat went to go and check it, finding Erik on the other side. 
“You register yet?” Rugrat asked, still holding his half-carved ingot. 
“Yeah. What are you working on?” Erik held up a medallion and shut the door. 
“Nice. I’ve got a new idea. You got your pistol?” 
“Yeah.” Erik pulled it out and handed it to Rugrat. 
Rugrat took the pistol and went back to the table in the room. He put the ingot down and started to dismantle the pistol. 
Erik left him to it as he moved to the chimney and put his cauldron on the hearth. Then he pulled out a few diagrams and put them on the table. 
“What’s this?” Rugrat asked as he was taking the slide of the pistol off. 
“Alchemy tools I need. A centrifuge to help separate out the different elements of a solution. A Bunsen burner that can run through monster cores or the like instead of relying on me. An automated stirring system to mix ingredients together.” Erik pointed to the different pieces of equipment. 
Rugrat checked the rough drawings with interest. He had been working on armors and weapons for a long time. “It’ll be interesting to work on some of these, a lot of detailed work. I’ll need to see if there are formations I can find to spin the centrifuge or supply heat to the Bunsen burner. Might need to go old school and use some kind of substance or gas for the Bunsen.” 
“If you make the stand, I can find a fuel,” Erik compromised. 
“The centrifuge—if I have a geared system, say like what you would find on a bike? Then you would have to crank the thing but it would still spin and everything. Stirring system could be something similar. Resources for formations are still slim down here, so that means formations will be expensive.” Rugrat shrugged. 
“We’ll make do. Anything you can get me and it works would be good. Saves me hours on preparing everything,” Erik said. 
“Can do. And with this Mana knife, I’ll be able to make them easier.” A knife formed in Rugrat’s hands as he showed it off. “Realized that I had been focusing on beating the ever living hell out of everything I was working on, forming it into something, but with this knife I can use the compressed Mortal-grade iron and shape it to an even greater degree.” 
“So what are you doing with my gun?” 
“Going to trace out the slide with pencil, then cut it out of iron, then Mortal-grade iron. What took me days to make the specialized parts in these weapon systems before, will now only take me a few minutes or hours.” Rugrat grinned. 
Rugrat put the slide against a fresh iron ingot and started to trace it out. 
Erik left him to it and went to his cauldron and started to prepare some of the ingredients he had collected today in the market. He chewed on new ingredients he didn’t know of, hoping to imprint them in his mind. 
“Crap, left arm went numb. If I have some of this black root and that eversahe petal…” Erik was consuming so many of them that his body was having a hard time trying to get rid of all the myriad effects in his body naturally. 
He started using other ingredients to offset the effects instead of using healing spells as he was also using a Mana flame to prepare the ingredients in front of him. 
His skin turned different colors; even his eyes changed as he kept on self-medicating. The effects of one offset the other and then led to compounding side effects. 
“Pinch of ground Rafial leaf and stem of Iola bracken. Ugh! That’s horrible. Come on, keep focused. Wait—I didn’t think that the Rafial leaf would—” Erik stopped talking as information appeared in his mind. As he had discovered all of the effects of the ingredients, it was now imprinted on his mind, another success! Mixing it with the others had allowed him to see the hidden effects. 
Some effects could be learned by consuming the item; others when mixing it; others, when it was turned into a concoction, it would be revealed. Trial and error, again and again. 
Chapter: Tier-two Upgrades
Elise looked out at the academy, at the construction that was being carried out there. Before her eyes, blocks of material appeared and started to be added to the building in front of her.
They had built most of the structures, but they simply didn’t have the knowledge or the ability to make higher grade facilities.
Instead of relying on their own ability, they had turned to the dungeon system, allowing them to increase the tier and ability of the specific units. Like going from a shack to a shanty then to a simple house, then a huge house with style and form.
The Alchemy lab, smithy, cookhouse, tailors, woodworking shop, formation workshop, healing station, and blueprint office: all had been purchased and upgraded to tier two.
The upgrade cost one thousand gold each to go from tier one to tier two. They had bought the smithy and cookhouse upgrades first; then, as they had enough money, they purchased the others.
The tier-one facilities were just a place for basic crafting, but with the tier-two upgrade, items made within the facilities had a five percent chance of increased stats.
Metals that were refined in the smithy yielded more gems to be used by the formation workshop. Their flames had been upgraded, the smithy expanded and enchanting tables added.
The cookhouse had increased storage areas and an attached herb garden with a growing formation. Regulated temperature controls as well as formation-engraved ovens and heaters allowed the cooks greater control over the cooking temperatures.
Each of the new facilities also came with new tools. In an interesting twist, those who were learning about formations spent more time in the other areas of the academy, looking at their formations before trialing out their ideas and knowledge in the formation workshop.
“And so Alva Dungeon begins to grow once more.” Egbert moved over to Elise, his blue flame-like eyes watching the growing Academy with utmost satisfaction.
Elise looked over to the new houses that were being added in. “Just a few short weeks and we should have some new members added to our town.” She turned her head to Egbert, who was looking through the window beside her. “How is Qin?”
“She’s adapted surprisingly well to what she saw and experienced on the Metal floor. She’s throwing herself into her work more than ever before, she has such a strong spirit. Her brother comes around more often to check in on her, though. She has also planned to go and see her family in Chonglu with her brother in the coming weeks. With the book from Fizzleuip, she and Julilah have been poring over that information with the other formation apprentices. They’re eighty percent sure that they can fix most of the control formations in the Metal floor now,” Egbert said.
“I can’t believe that Storbon and Special Team One want to go to the battlefield dungeon already.”
“Fighting is what they trained to do. It won’t be long until they have the money required to access the dungeon. If we want to clear out the rest of the dungeon, this is one of the safest ways to decrease the number of creatures and train up our people quickly. We don’t advance if we don’t take risks,” Egbert said.
Elise let out a sigh.
As the assigned manager of the dungeon, she gained Experience as the dungeon grew. It had allowed her to raise her level twice. Erik and Rugrat might have passed the orders but they didn’t carry out the act of growing the dungeon, meaning that they didn’t get Experience for it.
“We’ve got to halt building for the time being, at least until the next harvest. We’re low on gold and can’t pay the extra wages right now. We’ve got the automatons working in the iron mine and the fourth trading group should be back soon. With the funds from the traders, the iron, or the grains, we’ll be able to pay for the rest of the upgrades and expansion.”
“What about the increased fees for the academy?” Egbert asked.
“Create a tiered system, like we have with materials. Buy the materials, or buy time in the higher level areas, or have it awarded based upon their progress, competitions between the different years and ability,” Elise said.
“I will write up a system and submit it to Taran.” Egbert nodded.
“Might as well test out my new assistants. Send it to them and see what they think of it. I’ll have another look over it after them and use it as a learning experience,” Elise said.
***
Storbon was working on his armor, the needle and thread moving back and forth through the material. He’d cut it open while sparring. As he’d taken one of his skills in tailoring, he’d brought it over to the workshop while he had time and had begun to repair it.
As he was working on it, one could hear the noise from the new sewing machines as people were stitching layers of material together, and the rows of yarn mills that were creating several types of cloth from modified base materials.
The newest product was called iron weave. It was from a special Metal-attribute plant that had been treated with an Alchemic concoction to make the material more flexible. It had been then turned into cloth. Its defensive ability was no less than that of a level sixteen beast’s hide while also being lighter and much more flexible.
The Novices were still working on the beast hide armor. There was still plenty left of it and it sold well on the market. Though the apprentices and few journeymen were now looking at the hybrid cloth types they could come up with.
People’s old stagnant skill levels had begun to soar again with the help of the new machinery.
Storbon got a message from Yao Meng as he just finished off his latest repair.
“We got the funds. Glosil has okayed it, with the stipulation that he be allowed to come as well. He wants to see what happens in the battlefield dungeon so he can better advise others who go in after us,” Yao Meng said.
“All right, when can we go?” Storbon asked.
“Two weeks,” Yao Meng said.
“Okay, let’s make a final list and see that we have everything.” Storbon spoke in a calm voice but nervousness, excitement—both of these emotions conflicted in his stomach, making him wonder whether this was the right thing to do and wish that they were leaving tomorrow. He knew that the feeling would only get worse as time went on.
***
Taran and Tan Xue were talking to each other as they sat at one of the enchanting tables, watching their people working the forges.
There were now more than enough forges to keep all of the smithing apprentices satisfied.
“I’ve put out a contract for the alchemists. It might take some time before we get anything useful, but they’re at least looking at making some enhancing powders for us now. I passed on the descriptions that you gave to me of the enhancers you know of and I gave them testers as well. Hopefully they can try to make some for our people to test out.” Taran fell quiet.
“How is your own smithing going?” Tan Xue asked.
“I am now able to make low-grade Journeyman weapons. Take a look.” Taran pulled out a two-handed axe and placed it on the table.
Tan Xue looked it over, lifting it easily. “Passable.” She nodded.
“I left off the enchantment. I figured that we can transfer these over to the formationers; they can try to find something to put on them. Even if they fail, it would be better than me trying it out.”
“It’s a complicated art. I only know the formation of might and formation of flame—one to increase the strength of the person using a weapon, and the other to give the weapon a Fire attribute.” Tan Xue pulled out a smithing hammer and gave it to Taran.
His eyes went wide as he looked at the hammer, seeing the green and red jewels embedded in the weapon and the way they glowed. Power seeped out of them and into the carved formation they were set in. The green jewels’ power seemed to channel into the handle through Taran as the red covered the hammer, making it glow slightly before the faint light disappeared.
==========
Your Strength has increased by 3%
==========
“Have you made it into the Expert level?” Taran asked in a quiet voice.
Tan Xue laughed. It was a hoarse noise at her own failure. “I haven’t. This is just a half-step Expert tool. I wasn’t able to draw out two innate specialties from the metal and it can’t be bound,” Tan Xue said. “I feel like I am on the cusp but I am just missing a little bit more. If I am unable to make a weapon of Expert grade before I am level thirty, then I will head to the battlefield realm to increase my knowledge. It’s a realm of blood and iron. Weapons always need to be built and maintained. There are a number of legendary smiths who have risen from the battlefield realm.”
“It would be dangerous,” Taran said.
“It might be, but I am a smith. If I am unable to progress, can I be called a smith anymore?” Tan Xue asked.
Taran couldn’t help but think about where he had been when Rugrat found him. How he had sat outside his smithy, smoking instead of pursuing his craft.
With Tan Xue, his determination had been given direction. Now he was coming to the limit of what she could teach and she had reached a bottleneck in her skill.
Taran made to hand back the hammer.
“Keep it. I intend to make some more, rewards for those who show their smithing ability. Hopefully I’ll be able to increase my own ability as well in the process,” Tan Xue said.
The smithy produced items that the overlords in the First Realm went wild for, items that could only be attainable in the Second Realm. Through the market interface, no one knew who they were and they set the prices.
Alva Dungeon was adjusting to the changes that came with the second-tier upgrade to their workshops, but there were already plans in place for the next upgrade to third tier. The upgrade from first to second tier was one thousand gold; from second to third, it would cost three thousand gold. When they upgraded, they didn’t know what would happen. It was an exciting and nerve-racking advancement.
Chapter: Setting a Stage
Erik walked towards one of the main stages where the competition would be held.
Girus was a large city and the competition couldn’t be held at just one place.
The victors from each stage would have their concoctions compared at a main stage before a group of Alchemist Association representatives from the city. Rugrat was with Erik while Erik had been working with his cauldron. Rugrat had made Erik a centrifuge, which was two spinners connected with a piece of string: one with a handle, the other with a tilting rotor that could hold several vials.
It wasn’t pretty but Erik had tested it and it worked.
He couldn’t go too fast or else it would start shaking, starting to mix them back up. It wasn’t perfect, but it should work and make things easier for him.
He had worked all three days, only stopping to rest the night before so he was in peak condition.
“Better get us those tickets to the next place.” Rugrat yawned and stretched.
“I’ll do my best.” Erik sighed at Rugrat’s “pep talk”.”.
He presented his medallion at the entrance for competitors.
“You have all of the necessary materials and gear?” A man who checked his medallion asked.
“Yes.”
“Proceed.”
Erik went past the man as he heard a commotion behind him. He had needed to wait in line but there were two people who walked to the front of the line, not worrying about the others. The man who had dealt with him bowed and moved to the side, not even checking their medallions.
“The twin alchemists of Girus! They’re both children of the city’s lord but from different mothers!” SomeoneSomeone said in a low voice.
Erik looked away from them and proceeded through the corridor that led into the central testing area.
It was shaped like a stadium, with the alchemists being in the middle and the viewers all around them. The ground had been divided up into workspaces.
There were a thousand different squares with numbers carved into them.
Erik presented his medallion again to a person waiting at the edge of the Alchemy stage.
“Three four seven. Don’t go into someone else’s area.” The man passed it back.
“Understood.” He nodded and went past the man toward the stage. He quickly climbed the steps and went to find his area.
Finding it, he pulled out the equipment and materials that he would need. All around him, alchemists were talking to their peers, meditating to clear their minds, looking over the notes that they had made, or arranging their stuff.
Erik laid out his gear and reviewed the powder he would be making in his mind.
Then he called up his last two notifications.
==========
Skill: Alchemy
==========
Level: 39 (Apprentice)
==========
Able to identify 1 effect of the ingredient.
==========
==========
67,789/700,000 EXP till you reach Level 26
==========
He had increased his Alchemy skill by two levels with all of his work at increasing the efficacy of the powders he had, but it was increasingly harder to increase the efficacy and increase his skill level.
I need one of those formulas and Mana stones to increase my skill.
He could hear the other alchemists talking about their competitors: Someone who came from this clan or another who was connected to this trading firm. Someone whose cousin’s uncle’s grandfather was this person or that.
It was all useless to him, he shook his head with a chuckle. He had only been in Girus for three days and he was hoping to be leaving it today if everything went well. If he did not succeed this time, then he would need to wait another six months before he could try again, and he would be able to train in a city that was brimming with ingredients and had plenty of formulas. The reason he wanted to go to the Alchemist Association was to, one, see what he could gain from them. If he was able to learn from them and grow, he didn’t mind wearing their emblem. If he was bound to them in a way that put Alva in danger, then he would leave.
The second reason was to see Old Man Hei again and thank him for his guidance.
Well, there was a third reason, but it wasn’t for some valiant or big reason. To this point, he had been working to be an alchemist and he didn’t have anyone to compete against. He wanted to see just how his skill matched up with others in the Ten Realms. He wasn’t aiming to hold anything back.
A smile appeared on his face as the monitors came around, making sure that everyone was in their right location before the master of ceremonies stepped up.
The entire stadium went quiet as they looked at the man wearing a cauldron badge on his chest with a gold emblem and two lines on it.
“Five of you will be heading on to the tier-two cities, aiming to make it into the Alchemist Association. The person who makes it into first place will gain the formula to make a mid-Journeyman-level pill and ten Mana stones. The second will get the formula for a mid-Journeyman-level potion and seven Mana stones. The third will get the formula for a mid-Journeyman-level powder and five Mana stones. Fourth place will get three Mana stones and fifth place will get one Mana stone. You will have four hours to create your concoction. Try your hardest. May the strongest alchemist win!”
Alchemists bent forward and started working, moving into the preparation stage. Flames appeared and started heating as knives slashed and mortar and pestles were put to work.
Erik looked around, his smile growing as he looked at them all.
“Let’s start.” He had already put the ingredients to the side, readying them all. He created two balls of Mana flame, gathering up the ingredients into them as a third flame warmed the cauldron.
He used his right hand to move the centrifuge, checking that it worked. One of the balls of flames disappeared, ash falling into a beaker. Erik opened a tap above it; the liquid dripped down onto the ash and then drained through a series of filters.
Most of the gear looked handmade and worked like it too, but still Erik was pleased with it.
It wasn’t long until he had finished the preparation stage and he was moving into the formation stage.
He took the prepared ingredients and checked on the heated cauldron, making sure that it was ready.
***
“Journeyman Di, what do you think of my daughter and son?” Lord Jonsain asked with a pleased smile.
“They are indeed proficient, taking their time in preparing the ingredients diligently to bring out the greatest of effects,” Journeyman Di said with a slight smile. He looked to be in his middle age but he had seen these kinds of contests for decades already.
His eyes looked over the rows of alchemists competing on the stage.
Although it was good to give face to the powerful figures in the region, he also used it as an exercise in searching out talented Alchemy youths in the future. His Alchemy had been stopped but if he was able to nurture or pass on a student to one of his peers who had a great ability, then he might find a path forward or gain more luxuries in the future.
Barely passable. He looked over the people on the stages. The children of the lord, although they wore flashy clothes and they looked to be mystical alchemists in their own right, cared more about the performance with Alchemy than true Alchemy.
Most were through the formation stage when he looked at one man. He was middle-aged, didn’t seem to care for the others, and unlike those who had flashy equipment, he had simple tools around him. They looked as if he had made them himself. He didn’t seem to care about his appearance either as he worked with his cauldron.
Journeyman Di focused on him. Although his tools looked to be elementary, his actions weren’t rushed. They were well rehearsed and practiced. And his cauldron…
That is nothing simple. It must be a decent cauldron. Much better than most of the others. Hmm, maybe something interesting will come from being here.
Journeyman Di’s interest increased as he continued to look over the stages one by one. 
*** 
Erik didn’t care for the others all around him; he didn’t pay them any attention as he worked, he seemed to be utterly focused on the process at hand. 
He tapped the side of the cauldron as his flames died down and a powder came out from the top of the cauldron. 
He stored it in a box. He frowned and put the box to the side. 
Then he looked up at the time. There was still two hours to go. 
Since I’m here already, it would be a waste if I didn’t make some more healing powders. They only said that I would be judged on one of the things I made, so I can pick out the strongest one and give it to them. 
Erik smiled to himself, cleaned out his cauldron and started again. 
He thought back to how he had got his three formulas from Old Man Hei, how he had made Erik make repeated concoctions in order to pay them off. 
Now Erik knew that it must’ve been a test. At the time, Erik was nervous to fail and excited at the challenge. Now he knew of the prices for those two formulas in the Third Realm and could figure out what they should have cost in the Second Realm. He knew that Old Man Hei was going easy on him. 
So Erik did what he had done since he entered the Ten Realms: he grinded, making more and more of the healing powder. The weaker powder he would put in boxes off to the side, with one box being placed in the testing area, ready to be checked at the end of it all. 
I’ve been able to get it to eighty-three percent efficacy. I think it’s not the way that I make the concoction but rather what’s in the concoction. Combining them, there is a loss of efficacy because the actual ingredients counteract one another on a small degree. 
I have already made more than enough of the correct concoctions.concoctions I’ve still got an hour until the end. I can try to alter it a few more times with the amount of prepared ingredients I have left over. 
Erik started to go through the ingredients used and then think of the reactions that they might be having to decrease the efficacy. It was something he had done many times. Now he started thinking of ingredients he could add to amplify the effects of the ingredients or allow them to be combined without a greater loss in ability. 
*** 
“Look at that man over there—made boxes and boxes of powder. Shame to have failed at making his concoction so many times.” Lord Jonsain sighed. “Truly, it is better to spend more time on one concoction and make sure it reaches perfection.” Jonsain looked to his son and daughter with a look of pride as they took their time in making sure that they completed their concoctions. 
Journeyman Di made a noncommittal noise. 
Already a large number of the applicants had failed, burning up their ingredients, failing in the preparation stage. 
Some were lucky enough to have enough time to try again. Others could only look at the merciless clock, gather their supplies and leave the stage. 
It was hard to not get disheartened, failing in front of so many people. 
Journeyman Di was looking at the interesting man from before. He had not made one concoction but dozens of them. He had made boxes of them and put them to the side, placing one box ahead of him to be tested. 
He had changed it two times already. 
Now he was having failure after failure. Journeyman Di was using a spell on his eyes to look over the stage; the man only frowned slightly, muttered to himself and cleared out his cauldron before starting again. He had prepared ample ingredients with his odd-looking tools and simply started again, adding in new items to the powder. 
With just ten minutes to go, he pulled out a powder; he checked it and put it in a box and added it to the stack he had created. 
There was an excited look on his face as he started to create another concoction. 
Journeyman Di leaned forward. Seeing the man’s frantic movements, Journeyman Di could see that the man had made a breakthrough. 
Not only did he make dozens of powders, he also made a breakthrough in them!? Journeyman Di’s eyebrow rose slightly as the corner of his mouth quivered. 
Journeyman Di had seen many people attempting this very same test across hundreds of cities. He could tell who was working their hardest and who was showing off. 
He could tell that the two children of Lord Jonsain were only as good as their teachers; they had drilled in the process of making their concoctions again and again. He had no doubt that they had laid out the different concoctions that they would make in the second round and been tested on the different standard ingredients and mutations to pass on the Path of Alchemy trial. There was no skill, only rote repetition. It could get one into the academy, but they wouldn’t be able to go that far. 
It was the people who poured out their everything who were able to go further. They would not gain great fortune, but their fame and ability would be great. 
Journeyman Di had been focusing on several people on the stage who could be nurtured into good alchemists. It was how he knew that the man on stage three four seven had been substituting new ingredients into his concoction; he was already intimately familiar with the concoction and he made it perfectly the first time, but he didn’t sit back but continued to make more of the concoction. By changing out the boxes, he must have improved it again and again. 
If he doesn’t pass this round, then I should see about taking him under my wing and seeing if I can raise him up personally and apply for him to take the Path of Alchemy trial in a few years. 
“Little Jing’er is almost done,” Lord Jonsain said. 
The brother-and-sister duo’s hands moved, their robes serving to frame their features and actions, drawing one’s eye. 
Jing Jonsain created a pill as her brother Luke created a potion. 
They collected their products and placed them on the testing square, looking calm and composed, as if they could create countless others and remain untouched. They relaxed and waited out the remaining time. 
“A pill and a potion—their skill is indeed high,” one of the lord’s advisors said. 
Lord Jonsain laughed and smiled with the praise but his eyes were on Journeyman Di. 
“It looks like they will easily be able to enter the second testing phase.” 
“Thank you, Journeyman Di. I also think the same,” Lord Jonsain said with a bow to Journeyman Di. 
Journeyman Di gave a simple smile and looked over the alchemists. The man made a second modified concoction. He looked pleased but he still put it with the pile of other boxes off to the side. 
It looked rather comical: others had potions and pills but he had boxes and boxes of powder, as if he was selling them in bulk. 
The timer hit zero as a gong was hit. 
There were those who hadn’t been able to time their concoctions well enough and it had ended in failure. Others had finished but they were still nervous. The items all had to be tested, after all. 
“Those who have failed, please leave the stage. If you have a successful product, please remain seated and a monitor will come along to test your concoction,” the head monitor at the front of the stages said. 
More people left the stages, leaving just a hundred or so. 
The monitor came over to Erik and looked at his workspace. 
“This one.” Erik held out a box he had set to the side. 
The monitor took it and went on to collect others before heading to a testing platform. A number of people were there with silver cauldrons on their chests, putting the concoctions into the testing formations and using their tools to check on the ability of the concoctions. 
It might be hard for one to find out how to make a concoction from the finished product, but appraising them, finding out what they do, and their efficacy was much easier. 
Lord Jonsain’s children were tested first, then the others followed. 
It took a half hour before the results were checked. 
Everyone was watching the monitors before they stood and apparently agreed. 
“In first place is Jonsain Jing. In second place, Erik West. In third place, Jonsain Luke. In fourth...” The monitor kept on going and calling out results but there was an uproar in the stadium. 
The lord’s two children were in first and third place, not first and second! Who was this second person? 
Well, we’re going to need to get the hell out of here quickly. Didn’t think that this would be a big thing. Erik looked at the concoctions off to the side. His eyes rested on the two boxes of powder that he had finished last. 
Though I have at least one new thing to test out and I should be getting that Journeyman-level potion formula and Mana stones. 
“Third! How did I get third! I demand a retest!” Jonsain Luke demanded. 
The head monitor cleared his throat, calming the crowd. “We went through the testing multiple times to check the result. He did not make a higher level item than yours but the efficacy was much higher, showing a high ability in Alchemy.” 
Luke made to open his mouth again. 
“Are you going against my ruling as a certified tester of the Alchemist Association?” The head monitor asked in a low voice. 
Jonsain closed his mouth and curled his fists, but held in his anger. “No.” His answer was short and quick. 
The monitor’s eyes stayed on him for some time before looking away. He was just some young kid, after all. It wasn’t abnormal for some of them to get hot-blooded in this kind of competition. The fact that he was also the son of the city lord allowed his arrogance to only grow. 
“Will the top five come forward? The rest of you may leave.” The head monitor dismissed them. 
Erik cleared up his workspace, taking in his tools and completed powders. I should be able to make some gold off these as well. Maybe I can get a few formulas and then, between those, pick out a formula best suited for my skills to have a greater chance of completion in the next round. 
Even as he was calmly thinking of his next steps, Erik couldn’t help but smile. He had come out on top, after all. He was pleased with his own achievements. 
He reached the stage with three others. The Jonsains were already standing there. Jing didn’t pay them any attention; they were nothing but flies to her. Luke glared at them, looking at the two men, Erik and another alchemist who looked down at his feet at Luke’s glare. 
Luke’s eyes moved back to Erik, who simply raised an eyebrow. 
Reel your neck back in there, or else I’ll do it for you. 
“Lady Jonsain.” The head monitor passed her a gift box. 
“Thank you, Head Monitor.” She bowed to the man, elegant and refined. 
“Erik West?” the head monitor asked. 
Erik stepped up to the head monitor. 
The head monitor looked him over and passed him a gift box as well. 
“Thank you, Head Monitor,” Erik said. 
“Watch yourself,” Luke whispered as the head monitor glared at him, taking a box and pushing it into Luke’s chest. 
Luke looked at the head monitor, who had moved onto fourth place, and then back to Erik as if it were all his fault. 
Reminds me of my brother and sister back home. They had to be the top of the class and if they weren’t, then the people above them were their worst enemies and they would do anything to bring them down, kids are kids everywhere. 
“Inside your gifts is a medallion to allow you entrance into the second part of the competition held at the second-tier city Khusai, controlled by the Willful Institute. The contest begins in three months. If you do not arrive on time, you will lose your spot. I now call this application contest to a close!” 
Chapter: On the Run
Erik didn’t have time to check in his gift box. He stuffed it into his storage ring and left the stage, quickly following the other monitors.
Luke, staring daggers at Erik, sent a sound transmission.
Erik pulled out his own device. “Rugrat, I think it’s time we got the hell out of here. Let’s get some rides and start for this Khusai.”
“Willful Institute—you remember that lot?” Rugrat asked.
“Sounds familiar,” Erik said.
“Those are the pricks who chased us and I killed with a grenade before we entered the Beast Mountain trial,” Rugrat said.
“I thought that they were only in the Second Realm?”
“Looks like they’ve got more reach than we were expecting. Sending you a location. I’m going to grab a map. I’ll meet you there,” Rugrat said.
“Sounds good.” Erik checked the location that Rugrat had shared with him.
***
Luke stormed through the stadium, his butler coming up to him.
“Who is he?”
“We don’t know but he only made powders while the testing was going on. He made dozens of boxes of powders. I got a report from one of the monitors I know. He only made Minor Healing powder, low Apprentice grade,” Luke’s butler reported faithfully.
“I want him brought before me and I want him killed!” Luke yelled out.
“Yes, Young Master.” The butler looked to Luke’s personal guard as they walked out. He pulled out his sound transmission device and started to make some calls.
***
Didn’t take them long. Erik had changed his cloak to try to hide his identity but it looked as though it was useless. He saw people following him. They wore the symbol of Girus’s guards. People moved out of their way as they followed, not trying to hide their actions.
Erik picked up his pace and started to jog. With his tempered body, his jogging was faster than a full-out sprint from world-class athletes back on Earth.
The guards were stunned and yelled out to one another as they started to run after Erik.
I need to start doing things that are smaller profile. What a fucking little prick. If I come back here, I’ll bring him out and slap him in front of everyone like the little losing bitch he is. First, I need to get into the Alchemist Association. Then I can start to do something about this whole situation.
For once, I would like to leave a city without the guards or some bastard trying to kill me or steal something from me. Would be nice!
Erik ran out of the city, guards yelling at him as he did so. He made it through the gate in the confusion, reaching the stables outside. More guards had joined the original pack.
“Slow down! We have questions for you!”
“Your attendance is required!” another yelled.
Erik wasn’t about to listen to all of that as a stun spell sailed past his shoulder, hitting what looked like a llama, making it drop to the ground, paralyzed, with its eyes still moving around as if to question its sudden change in elevation and position in life.
“Sorry, dude!” Erik yelled as he jumped over the llama and into the paddock. The llamas were all yelling, as were their handlers who were walking them.
“Rugrat, where are you?!” Erik yelled as he moved through the paddock, people yelling after him as the guards started to thread their way through the animal stables. “Rugrat!”
Erik heard a whistle. Looking over, he saw Rugrat riding what looked to be a mix between a greyhound and a bear.
“Woo-hoo, motherfucker! Time to get out of Dodge!” A spell came sailing down from the wall and smacked into the ground sending up dirt. Arrows followed after it.
Erik ran and jumped, clearing fifteen feet as he grabbed onto the reins Rugrat threw him.
Erik saw fireballs and other magical spells coming at them in earnest.
“Will. You. Fuck. Off!” Rugrat yelled as he pulled out a crossbow, casting Explosive Shot on the bolt and firing it at an incoming fireball.
“Ohh, hot Betty down balon!” Rugrat sung as he smacked the back of the beast and it took off racing down the road.
Erik’s followed right after it as the exploding shot hit the large incoming fireball. The explosion tore at their backs as smoke filled the sky.
“What the hell are you singng?” Erik yelled.
“Black Betty, but I don’t know the words,” Rugrat said, humming the song, badly.
The beasts continued onward, cutting through the trees.
“Ah, shit,” Rugrat said.
“What?”
“Well, we’ve got land horse things—they’ve got flying ones!”
“Well, shit!” Erik looked back but he had a hard time trying to keep his balance on the moving whatever and looking backward.
A tree was hit with a bolt of lightning, burning it to a crisp. Rugrat had none of Erik’s problems as he turned to his right and fired with a crossbow before turning to his left and firing with another one.
“Urghk,” Erik cried out as he leaned forward in the saddle.
“You good?” Rugrat yelled.
“Just got sacked.” Erik tried to control his breathing as his anger grew and Mana started to circulate.
“I’ll fire a Mana Bolt—you shoot it and break containment!” Erik yelled.
“Fucking Fourth of July!”
“I’ll take that as a yes.” Erik held onto the reins and put his hand over his shoulder, glancing sideways.
Whump! A concentrated ball of Mana shot out of his fingers, flying into the sky.
Rugrat stood up in his stirrups, his body moving with the creature he was riding, as he held the reins in one hand and a crossbow in the other.
Unable to lay down Mana bullets for fear of causing more damage to his Mana system, he could only resort to his crossbows.
Crossbow bolts and Mana bolts met one another, turning into some explosive redneck sort of skeet shooting.
The sky turned a shade of blue as the explosions went off.
It was bad on the ground, but for the creatures in the air, the pressure and turbulence from the explosions—being so close to the tops of the trees, they weren’t able to avoid them at all. Some of the people and creatures fell to the ground while others were burned. The barrage didn’t weaken, only grew stronger as there were fewer people to destroy the Mana bolts before they got close.
***
“Young Master, we need to turn back or we won’t be able to deal with these spells.”  Luke Jonsain’s butler was rapidly sending out blasts from his mage’s staff, trying to defend their transport that was letting out terrified noises, only barely listening to their commands, fighting them as it wanted to turn away from this path of destruction.
Luke let out an angered yell and waved his hand.
The butler glared at the beast tamer. He didn’t need anything else as he turned them away from the two departing on the ground. The Mana bolts fell silent after some time but it was nearly impossible to see them through the thick foliage.
“We know where they are going and we can place people around the city to make sure that they don’t get there and look for information on their whereabouts,” the butler said, calming the young master as things stabilized.
The young master’s eyes didn’t turn away from the departing duo.
“Some old peasant wants to fight me? Find where he comes from. If I can’t find him, then I will find his family!”
“Yes, Young Master, we will find them,” the butler promised.
Chapter: Homecoming
Elan Silaz was in his office when his aide rushed in through the door.
“Sir, Miss Qin and Yui are back!” he called out to his master.
Elan, who was about to reprimand his assistant, jumped to his feet, forgetting the papers he had been working on and making for the door. “Take me to her at once!”
“I’m already here,” Qin said as he exited his office, finding his daughter and son in front of him.
“Quick—go and get Wren,” he told the aide. He hugged them both and looked at them.
He had gotten a few messages from them saying that they were safe but it had been months since he had last seen them in person. It was only natural that he would wonder what they were doing.
It was only after he hugged them that he realized something was different about them.
“It looks like you’ve both increased in Strength rapidly,” he said, a bit shocked. Yui was level sixteen already while Qin was reaching for level twenty. It had to be known that she hadn’t even been level ten when she had left.
He didn’t know of anything in the First Realm that could make someone’s level rise so rapidly.
He took more time looking at their clothes. Although they were of a simple design, the materials they were made from were the best, the kind that would cost a king’s ransom if they were to go on sale.
“How were you able to get such gear?” He asked, his trader coming out as he looked them over.
“We have a lot to talk about and possibly a trade agreement to go over,” Yui said. “Though we’re not allowed to talk on some things,” Yui warned. There was an additional edge to him.
Seems that he has been training and he has found a cause that he believes in. Even erring on the side of caution instead of telling me everything.
Instead of being hurt, Silaz smiled.
“It looks like you two have grown up quickly. Come, your rooms will be prepared. We’ll have a dinner for your return and we can talk about everything then.” He smiled at them both.
“Thank you, Father. It is good to be home.” Qin smiled.
“It is good to have you back.” Elan smiled and his eyes wrinkled up. Others who knew him as the head of the Silaz merchant house would be surprised by his clear display of emotion. He was extremely hard to read most of the time.
“Brother, sister!” Wren said as he approached. He no longer looked like the playboy from before but looked more upright and solemn.
There was still a roguish side to him, but he had curbed his previous arrogant behavior. It seemed that the lesson of the Moon Healing House was not lost on him, nor was knowing how close he had been to making their same mistakes.
“Go and get cleaned up. I’ll see you all for dinner.” Elan waved them off.
“Yes, Father!” They all replied before Yui grabbed Wren and put him in a headlock.
“Look at you—all cleaned up and proper. Has there finally been a woman to put some brains in that skull of yours!”
“Yui, don’t mess up his clothes too bad,” Qin admonished.
“Just some brotherly love!” Yui said as Wren dutifully fought back against his elder brother, as was a younger brother’s fate in life.
Elan’s face turned serious as he looked at Yui. He was controlling his strength but there was a lot more hidden. And Qin—she had left with one open Mana gate; now she had four.
He buried this knowledge deep. Someone was looking after his children and looking to advance their ability.
Just who are Erik and Rugrat to know someone who deals with Mana Gathering Cultivation and Body Cultivation?
He thought back to when he had seen them. Both of them had simple auras, but there was a power hidden in them. He had been so excited by the possibility of Qin being healed and then, seeing her healed, he had not paid much attention to it. Now, seeing such changes in his daughter and son, the memories were brought back, fresh to his mind.
What kind of deal do they want to make with me?
He recalled the words that Yui had spoken and the changes in his and Qin’s eyes. They had faced hardships; it wasn’t easy to see as a father, but he knew that if he was to keep them hidden in the compound then they would never amount to anything. They would only survive as long as he was around.
Domonos, I hope that you are doing well, wherever you might be.
***
Lord Aditya’s eye twitched as he looked at the people lounging around his office.
Jasper had returned once again but he had brought another group with him. They looked to be simple people, Beast Mountain mercenaries. Their gear was well-worn and looked after; their items were placed not to look as ornaments but to be put to work.
Looking at them and being around them, one was bound to have a sense of danger.
Still, they were walking around his office, looking at various objects on display and looking out of the windows. One was reading a book, looking like an ethereal beauty save for the scar on her cheek and her battle armor.
A mote of light, a simple Fire elemental, floated around her, on the lookout for threats to alert its master.
Jasper sat in a chair, reading through a bunch of files. Another younger-looking man was reading through a pile of them as well.
Jasper looked at the common applicants while the young man was looking through those who were fighters.
He took several files and handed them to Jasper.
Jasper looked at the man askance.
“They’re the good ones without ties to people, determined, feel like they’ve been isolated, have something that they want in the immediate future and will stay around longer once they find a place to stay,” the younger man said.
Jasper nodded in thanks and went through his files. After a few more minutes, he combined a selection of files with the ones that the young man had given him back.
“These ones.” Jasper put the files in front of Aditya.
“Yes, Mister Jasper.” Aditya didn’t like being at the beck and call of these people, but they had a strength he hadn’t seen before. Even though he only made a percentage off the items that he was selling for them, it was enough to put any monetary issues at rest. It had led to him expanding his trading routes as he wanted to sell the higher level goods away from his trading city because it drew attention from others.
He had even sold a few of the items through the Blue Lotus, securing him a better position in their eyes.
Clearly they had a way to gain strength, a way to heal his leg. He had blindly pledged himself to them and he was bitter about it at times. But, overall, as long as he did what they said, they would let him operate freely.
He had gone through his extensive channels to look at people who were looking for work or a new place to go and were within the requirements that were put forward to him.
Only twenty-three had been selected. He knew that how they did would be a test on his competence and he wanted to make sure that he did well.
“Now there is one other issue,” Jasper said.
Aditya tensed, taking a second to relax. “How might I be able to help you, Mister Jasper?”
“Mana stones,” Jasper said.
Aditya had to blink and lean forward a bit, his eyes widening.
“We are in need of Mana stones. We don’t care how you get them and we are willing to pay the rate of one thousand, one hundred gold each. Failing Mana stones, we are looking to purchase beast cores. Grand and greater if possible, no variants. If you were to find a Mana cornerstone, the reward would be…” Jasper held Aditya’s eyes. “Sizable.”
“I can have my doves look into it,” Aditya said.
“Do so. Bring us the price necessary and we will bring you the funds.” Jasper stood. “We will be staying in the city for a few more days. Have those who are interested in our offer gather at this location, early in the morning on the fourth day.” Jasper passed over a piece of map.
Aditya used it with his map, creating a way point. “Understood. I will make sure it happens.”
“Have you got any beasts around here that are hard to kill or worth a lot?” one of the women in the group asked. She had been standing at the window, watching for outward threats.
“Uh, there are the bloodwing gliders that live in packs and are hard to defeat as they silently glide through the night, cutting their targets with poisoned talons before disappearing into the night again. A coven of them has been moving around the area. Their leather can be sold for high prices as well as the poison……if you know the right buyers…” Aditya trailed off.
“Poison has its uses as well,” Jasper said, putting Aditya at ease. He knew that not all of Aditya’s various business partners were technically legal, or good people.
“There is also a one-eyed Molbrek beast, a large humanoid beast, similar to an ogre, but malformed through something. It was wounded but it escaped, killed a high-leveled adventure party. I can have information sent over on it.” Aditya tried to keep the hope out of his voice. Both of these were issues to his trading outpost. Fewer people wanted to go hunting or move around at night, so it led to less items being bought and sold, decreasing the amount he made through taxes. And the people also came to him, asking for him to solve the problem.
“Sounds like something to do.” The woman looked to the younger man who had been going through the files.
“We need the practice and the gold wouldn’t hurt,” he said. “Have the information sent to us as soon as possible.”
“Of course!” Aditya said.
“How are things with the surrounding groups?” Jasper asked.
“There was a recent cult rising in the Deanka county. It spread to the Eranas kingdom, where it was eventually found. There were a number of people high up in the Deanka county that were won over by the cult, which has effectively taken over forty percent of the county.
“The surrounding groups are banding together and dividing up the county already. It looks like there will be an expansion and war soon,” Aditya said.
“You seem unperturbed,” Jasper said.
Aditya shrugged. “In my position, I have seen my share of local battles and wars. Power changes; new people move around. I adjust with the times. Weapons and armor are good things to stock, but food, water, horses, medical supplies? Those are the kinds of resources that make the most money. It will also be a good chance for you and your people. I can have my doves gather information on people fleeing the fighting, the kind of people who would be receptive to somewhere safe where they and their family could live and grow.”
“Indeed,” Jasper said.
“I will be sure to pass on any knowledge of big contracts. They would be for simple goods and items in bulk, but they would pay well.” Aditya licked his lips, not sure whether it might offend them.
“We would be interested in seeing these contracts as long as we can get more materials,” Jasper said.
“I have sealed three new contracts with large merchant houses that deal in resources,” Aditya said.
“Good. Our need will only increase in the future,” Jasper said.
***
Domonos wiped the blood from his face with the back of his hand, adjusting the blade in his left hand and gripping the armband on his right tighter. The gem set into the armband glowed brighter as Tujo tutted and played with his sword.
“Just some scrap from the First Realm thinking that you’re important because you’ve been able to claw your way up to the Third Realm? Shouldn’t you know your place by now?” the boy said with a cold look in his eyes.
He shot across the floor, his sword blinding as he released killing intent with each attack.
Domonos could just barely dodge the wind as well as the blade. The wind caught the edge of his shirt, cutting it and catching the skin underneath, leaving a bloody slice.
People sneered at his wounds. The people in the crowd came to see the mutt from the First Realm be beaten.
He let out a sharp breath as power rushed through his arm and a bolt of ice shot out from the arm bracer’s gems.
Tujo, who had been standing still like some kind of sadistic conductor, was thrown to the side with the blast.
Those watching frowned at Domonos’s ability to counterattack.
Tujo lashed out. His sword left streaks in the air as Domonos could no longer defend.
He dodged, but he was unable to duck the incoming wind blades. He turned his body, protecting his vitals but sacrificing the rest of his body.
He was hit again and again, driven backward. His blood colored the ground as he lost consciousness and dropped to the ground.
Tujo seemed apparently pleased as he moved up.
Domonos was startled and bloodied as he came to, unable to focus on anything as his body felt limp and weak.
“If I see your face again, then I’ll take a trip to the First Realm. I heard that there was a sister of yours left down there. Seems she is an invalid. Don’t worry—I would do you the favor of taking her out of this world,” Tujo whispered harshly in his ear before he cut off the bracer and took it.
“Your bracer will do nicely in helping me to take victory in the next fighting contest. Thank you for your assistance, Junior. Your pointers were excellent.” He laughed. It was cold and grating on Domonos’s ears as he coughed blood into the dirt. Domonos tried to get up, his entire body fighting him.
Tujo snorted.
“Here’s a pointer, for you, protect your head!” Tujo kicked Domonos viciously.
Darkness found him as he collapsed, not before a few more kicks hit his head.
Father, brothers, Qin’er—it looks like I will not be seeing you again in the future.
He wanted to destroy Tujo, destroy the Willful Institute filled with lies and deceit, taking everything from him and expecting him to not fight back. He was nothing more than where he was born from, in their eyes.
In the darkness there was nothing but sweet relief.
Chapter: Path to Khusai
Erik hadn’t looked at his notifications since the end of the competition. He was still on his mount as Rugrat led them through the forest, one following the other.
Erik was thankful for healing spells. Otherwise, the chafing would have been unreal.
==========
Skill: Alchemy
==========
Level: 43 (Apprentice)
==========
Able to identify 1 effect of the ingredient.
==========
==========
You have discovered the formula: Weak Healing Powder
==========
Has been added to your Alchemy Book
==========
“Alchemy Book? I’ve never seen such a damn thing,” Erik complained. All he had was some ability to never forget the ingredients that he had found out all the effects for. It was useful, but there was a reason he had copies of all his Alchemy formulas on him. He didn’t have them all remembered.
“Rugrat, when you imprint something in your mind, it’s there forever, right?” Erik asked.
“You mean like when I made that crossbow back in Alva Village?” Rugrat asked.
“Yeah.”
“Well, I guess it technically isn’t imprinting. Yeah, I got a good idea of how it worked and the complexities about it. Taran and I were getting ahead of ourselves. There is a thing called imprinting; it is supposedly something that comes with the higher level skills. That when someone makes something in the higher levels, because of their knowledge they can understand how to make something. So, say, I made a special hammer; if I made it close to perfect, like really close to perfect with another weapon, then the Ten Realms would download the blueprint into my head permanently and I could make that hammer all day and night. What I was seeing with the crossbow, well, I had just got my Simple Inorganic Scan spell—basically, well, it was like the Simple Organic Scan.” Rugrat shrugged.
“What was black and white before turned to color with sound—you could understand a lot more.” Erik nodded. It made more sense now.
“Yeah, I just never corrected anyone. Also, I don’t know what stage one would need to be at to be able to imprint actual products into their mind, like blueprints for me and formulas for you.” Rugrat conjured the Mana Blade and started playing around with it and making it take on different and new shapes.
In that case, then memorizing ingredients must be a subcomponent or smaller part of that memorization.
“Rugrat, you remember all the kinds of metals you work with?”
“Nope, I get to know the enhancers. If I can list out the enhancers, I’ll change the metal then—” Rugrat snapped his fingers next to his head and tapped on his temple. “Stored right in here.”
“Same, same, little different,” Erik said.
Rugrat took a long pull from a ceramic jug before letting out an ear-splitting belch. “Damn, had some good beer there, or mead, or…” Rugrat looked in the jug. “Whatever this is.”
Erik continued through his notifications. “Whoa, that’s not bad. Another quest.” Erik grinned.
==========
Quest: Alchemist Association Trial
==========
Congratulations! You have passed the first stage of the Alchemist Association, unlocking this quest.
==========
Requirements: Complete second trial
Complete Path of Alchemy trial
==========
Rewards: Become Alchemist candidate
150,000 EXP
==========
“I didn’t think that there would be a quest along with this. Seems like it’s not that easy of a task.” He couldn’t worry about it now; he was already on his path to complete the quest. He moved to the next notification.
==========
Skill: Riding
==========
Level: 7 (Novice)
==========
No bonuses at this time. You must prove your skills first.
==========
==========
91,541/700,000 EXP till you reach Level 26
==========
“So where are we going next?” Erik asked. 
“Well, that was Girus of the Hechonate kingdom. Thankfully, we’re near the edge of the Hechonate kingdom, so aiming to get out of here first, then maybe a caravan heading the way we are. Also, we’re passing into a lawless area—you know, countries, or kingdoms and dynasties that aren’t too pleased with one another, so might be roving groups of bandits, soldiers, general lawlessness and stuff,” Rugrat said. 
“That makes me feel much safer.” Erik pulled out his gift box and opened the top. “Having money again doesn’t make me feel all that safe, on the other hand.” 
He pulled out a scroll that was in the bottom of the box, sending everything else back into his storage ring. 
He rolled open the scroll, reading the title. “Potion of Enhanced Strength? Well, thank you, Girus.” Erik continued to read on, getting absorbed into the contents, only pausing to glance around as they cruised through the forest that was gradually turning darker. 
Erik saw a weird looking ingredient growing. 
“Wait a minute, let me just harvest this,” Erik said, getting off of his mount. 
“Hurry up about it,” Rugrat was checking the map as Erik took a few tries to harvest the plant and store it away for later study or use. Erik got back up on his mount and followed Rugrat who was studying the map. 
“Rugrat, where are we headed?” 
“Dervin Swamp. Apparently good for ingredients, bad for the creatures. At least less people around?” Rugrat said. 
“What about paths through?” 
“There are a number of them. Also, with our scans, I think it will be a bit easier to pass through,” Rugrat said. 
Riskier terrain but not dealing with large groups of people. Fuck, I hate swamps. 
“I wonder if there are any gators. Could make some jerky,” Rugrat said, completely unfazed. 
“I see another bunch of ingredients. I’ll just quickly harvest them.” 
“Is this going to become a thing?” Rugrat asked. 
“A thing?” Erik asked, a trowel in one hand as he walked over to the patch of ingredients. 
“Nevermind, it already is.” 
Chapter: Second Applicants
“It’s a shame that he wasn’t able to find any contacts we could get Mana stones from. We’re going to have to spend thirteen hundred gold instead of just eleven hundred,” Yao Meng complained to Storbon as they were walking through the forest outside of Vermire Trading Outpost.
“Do you just care about the gold now?” Storbon asked with a grin.
“No, but going from riches to paupers doesn’t feel good. I wanted at least a few more meals from the cookhouse.” Yao Meng made his lower lip tremble, even getting a laugh from Tian Cui and Setsuko.
They entered an opening where twenty-one people waited, surrounded by guards from Vermire.
Seeing them, the lead guard bowed to them and waved to the others.
They all departed quickly, leaving the group facing Storbon’s team and Jasper.
“Hello, my name is Jasper and I want to make you an offer. I see that two people didn’t want to come with us. If any of you aren’t interested in the jobs you’ve been told about, then you are free to leave as long as you agree to an oath to never tell anyone about this.” Jasper looked at the people.
Most of them had everything that they owned with them. There were men on crutches, others had bandages on missing limbs, their eyes sunken and dead.
There were young families who were thin as rails, just holding onto one another.
Older people who were stopped with the passage of time.
A woman stepped forward. “You offered us jobs and a shot at a new life and we want to give it a try.”
“Good. Then we just need an oath that we won’t hurt one another or try to bring harm to one another, then we can be on our way.”
They completed the oaths and everyone relaxed a bit more.
Storbon waved for his people to fan out. They would deal with any outward threats and protect them as they moved.
They were much slower than Storbon and his people who took care of threats in their path.
Those who had been in the Beast Mountain Range were surprised with the ease that they moved forward and the simple way that Storbon and his team talked to one another.
***
They passed through the last checkpoint into Alva Dungeon just a week later.
The dead eyes looked at the dungeon in wonder as the stooped backs straightened.
They were met by Elise’s assistants, who took over briefing everyone, getting them fed and checked over at the healing house.
Storbon returned to the barracks and found Glosil waiting for him.
“You ready?” Glosil asked.
“I hope so,” Storbon said.
“Get some rest. We go the day after next. I’m hoping that we kill enough beasts that you can get another round,” Glosil said.
Storbon nodded. Having to spend over a thousand gold just to try it out was a steep price, but what was gold against potential Experience and increasing their fighting skill?
***
Elise looked over the new townspeople who were eating the food supplied by the cookhouse. The people who had been wounded were being assessed by the healers and alchemists, who quickly went to work figuring out a way to heal them.
Healthcare was free in Alva. The healers and alchemists were paid a retainer fee to look after people. Though if someone wanted to modify their body for Body Cultivation or to open their Mana gates and advance their Mana Gathering Cultivation, then they would have to pay the healers and the alchemists separately.
The healers and alchemists were an odd bunch to the wounded, who never knew whether they would recover their limbs if an infection would settle in.
The healers and alchemists saw a way to improve their skills, and gain Experience through the endeavor to boot, a win-win situation.
Elise cleared her throat. The people in the healing house quieted down. The healing house was the same size as the old hospital and set up in a similar design, with formations that regulated the temperature and private areas where patients could be treated.
“You will be allowed housing rent-free for one month as you find jobs or pick higher education. Loans will be provided for those who wish them. You will need to take an oath against the loan to pay it back in the future.
“We have several schools here: smithing, Alchemy, tailoring, cooking, farming, healing, and more. Also, there are jobs to work in the iron mine, traders who go between cities or work in our trading squares. Then there is the barracks as well, where one can apply to be a defender of Alva Dungeon, learning new fighting skills.”
“What if we don’t find a job in a month?” a man asked.
“You will be evicted from your home. If you do not have a residence, then you will have to leave Alva Dungeon. If you are off trading, then you will have to make oaths to pay back the money that you owe. Otherwise, everyone will be taking an oath to never reveal Alva Dungeon to anyone who isn’t from the dungeon,” Elise said.
It was strict but these rules had been put in place to guard everyone. She saw people looking at one another; a couple held hands; a spark of life returned to an older lady’s eyes.
It was their first group, but Elise hoped for more. They had a lot of space and were meeting their demands. Now the only way they could grow was with more people pitching in and helping out.
Chapter: Event in the Swamp
Erik and Rugrat were on foot, leading their beasts as they used their scans to make sure that they were walking on packed ground instead of stepping into swamp water.
They’d stop every so often with Erik using his tools to gather different ingredients along the path.
The entire swamp air was heavy and stunk of decay and rotting.
Rugrat was slapping himself, trying to kill off the bugs that called the place home.
Erik was largely unaffected as he used poison on his skin to keep the bugs off.
They were covered in the nasty black mud from the swamp as they pushed onward.
Erik stopped as Rugrat was complaining, slapping himself and moving forward, talking dark things about Ten Realms mosquitoes.
“Do you hear that?” Erik asked.
“Hear what?”
“I think someone is in a fight.” Erik looked in the direction of the noises.
A lightning strike came out of the sky and slammed into the ground.
“Incoming!” Rugrat yelled. The two of them dropped to the ground. Their beasts were quivering and fought against their grip, trying to run away from the noise.
Lightning struck trees, causing them to explode and crash down.
Erik and Rugrat were covered in dirt, leaves, and bits of wood as they quickly got to their knees, scanning the area and looking for where the spell had come from.
“What in the hell was that?” Rugrat came back up holding his rifle, using the scope to look at where the lightning strike had landed. “Looks like some big kind of swamp creature made from trees. And there’s a band of people hiding behind a mage with a Mana barrier. The tree thing got hit and it’s burning slightly, but it’s still in the fight.”
Erik pulled out his spotting scope and checked the area.
The mage was a man wearing simple clothes. On his hands and around his neck, there was glowing jewelry.
Must be enchanted to increase his abilities.
The wooden creature leaped forward. There was a flash of light as a being of lightning appeared from the side and smashed into it.
The wooden beast let out a confused noise as lightning rushed over its body and burned. The lightning beast slashed out at it. It was small but its claws were sharp and fast. The lumbering wooden beast couldn’t react in time as its forelimb was hit, stripping vines and wood from its arm.
“Let’s go around,” Erik said. It wasn’t their fight and he didn’t want to get involved.
The wooden beast turned its head to glare at the lightning beast.
The lightning beast was already rushing forward. It jumped from stump to fallen tree and raked its claws across the wooden beast’s face, destroying one of its glowing green eyes.
The wooden beast let out a howl and charged at the lightning beast that was turning around to face it again for another rush.
The lightning beast dove to the side as the wooden beast tried to slow itself, slamming into a few trees.
Lightning flowed from the lightning beast into the water of the swamp, passing through and hitting the wooden beast. The lightning beast grew dimmer, its power falling.
The mage made some symbols with his hands as he drank down a vial of blue powder.
The others who had been hiding behind them were now moving. Arrows landed on the wooden beast as magical staffs were put to use, hitting the beast with elemental attacks.
The damage was piling up as the wooden beast tried to recover itself.
Purple binding chains seemed to come out of the swamp and hold the beast there. It fought against the bindings as the groups piled on their attacks.
Wood, moss, green ichor, and vines were torn apart and splattered across the ground as the wooden beast’s reactions grew slower.
Rugrat and Erik continued on their path, trying to circumvent the group. Unfortunately, their path was taking them closer to the fight as they avoided the murky waters that hid far more dangers.
The wooden beast let out a yell. Its arm extended crazily as it swung around. Using it like a whip, it smashed through the dead trees. The attackers jumped out of the way, but two weren’t fast enough and were sent flying, bloodied and bruised. One slammed into a tree; another fell into a dark pool.
The water started to move as a black slime rose out from the water and rushed toward the stunned person.
The people in the group yelled out as the woman started to rise.
The black slime jumped on her.
She started to scream as the slime started to dissolve whatever it came into contact with: her armor, her hair, her exposed skin.
It worked its way up from her boots, moving for her unprotected face.
“Clean!” Another woman’s voice seemed to command the very heavens as a white glow appeared around her.
A ray of cleansing light burned through the swamp, landing on the slime and the woman who was being consumed by it.
The slime was now being the one burned away.
It quickly released its prey and rushed back into the water.
The burned woman was in bad shape. A man with a shield rushed forward, grabbing her and pulling her away. She cried out in pain but he continued pulling her out of danger.
The wooden creature raised itself up on its hind legs, breaking the restraining chains. Wooden thorns covered in a dark-green poison shot out of its body in every direction.
Five people were struck with the thorns. The thorns had found purchase in two people’s skin. Their veins started to turn the same dark green as the poison, rapidly spreading through their bodies.
Two others were tossed backward but their armor had taken the impact.
One was the mage controlling the lightning beast.
The woman who had cast the holy light spell began to chant. The air shimmered and shook with power.
Erik kept on glancing over with his spotting scope, looking at the injured. “They need our help. Unless they’ve got some powerful poison cures, they’re going to die.”
Rugrat checked the situation, squinting. “All right.”
They moved quicker, now headed right for the battle. Their riding beasts didn’t seem so happy about their direction and started to fight against them but they pushed onward.
The summoner started to get up; the lightning beast stood still as the wooden beast charged forward.
The lightning beast seemed to compress down and shot forward. It pierced through the wooden beast but it was much smaller and dimmer than it had been before. It looked as if it were on its last legs.
Golden runes appeared from the ground and wrapped around the heavily damaged wooden beast, burning into the wood as it struggled against its holy restraints.
Erik and Rugrat were now close enough to hear the people in the group.
“We need poison cure potions! We need to kill the creature first or we’re all dead! It’s bound and debuffed! Hit it with everything you’ve got!” the holy woman yelled.
The melee classes, unable to fight up until now, charged forward, brandishing their different weapons as they laid into the beast. The dark wood that made up the beast turned green as it was covered in its own blood.
Mages cast buffs on the melee types as the summoner sent the lightning beast in again and again.
“Go pika-lightning!” the man yelled out.
Erik and Rugrat looked to each other.
“Uh?”
“You think he’s from Earth?” Erik asked.
“Use Slash! It’s super effective!” the man yelled out.
“Sounds about as nerdy as people from Earth can get,” Rugrat replied.
“Well, shit, didn’t think we’d find another person from Earth,” Erik said.
“Back off! It’s attacking!” the holy woman yelled. 
The beast was still restrained, fighting against the holy runes that captured and burned into its skin. 
It let out a roar as its feet turned into vines that shot through the ground and shot out where the melee fighters had been a moment ago. 
“Sir! I don’t quite agree with your tone!” The summoner put one hand to his hip. “Pika!” 
The lightning beast jumped up a tree. Its claws dug in as it climbed it in seconds before turning and jumping. It turned into pure lightning again and shot toward the wooden beast from above. 
It was going all out as the wooden beast could only yell out. The lightning beast slammed into its shoulder and ran through its body. Lightning appeared around it in the pool of water it was in, being directed out and then back in to the wooden creature. 
The other ranged attackers were unleashing all of their skills and attacks on the beast. 
The holy runes fell away as the green light went out of the wooden beast’s eyes, smoke rolling off it as it collapsed into the swamp, splashing mud and water on those closest. 
A tombstone appeared above it as the group started to relax. 
“That is what I thought, sir!” 
“Poison cures—does anyone have them!” the man who had pulled out the woman covered in black slime yelled out. The wounded were being looked over. 
“We don’t have any,” the holy woman said. 
“I might be able to help with that.” Erik stepped forward. 
The whole group went on guard seeing him, raising their weapons. 
The summoner looked at Erik and Erik looked back at him. Erik’s hands were up. 
“You from North America?” Erik asked. 
“Canada. You?” 
“Colorado. I’m a medic. I can see about helping them.” 
The summoner seemed to be debating something. The rest of the group looked between the two. “Shit, got some good friends from Colorado. Let him take a look.” 
The others looked to the summoner before looking back to Erik, who was moving to one of the poisoned. 
It seemed that they all trusted the summoner. They relaxed some but they didn’t put their weapons away.
“Don’t try anything funny,” a man with a two-handed hammer said as Erik got close to one of the people who was poisoned.
==========
Event Cleared!
==========
Weras, the corrupted forest spirit, has been destroyed, returning stability to the region.
==========
Erik waved the notification to the side as he saw the people in the party surrounded by a golden glow as they gained Experience.
==========
Event In Your Area
==========
Weras, the corrupted forest spirit, has been destroyed, but the other corrupted Earth creatures have marked the Yeanne Trading Group.
Escort the Yeanne Trading Group out of the Dervin Swamp.
==========
“That can’t be good,” Erik muttered to himself as he kneeled in the mud to get closer to the patient.
He cast Simple Organic Scan and started to look at the situation.
“Rugrat, I’m going to need your help!” Erik yelled.
“Hold the beasts, cover my ass, come help me,” Rugrat grumbled as he headed out of the forest.
The people gave him a wary look.
“Medic?” the summoner asked.
“Got my basic course,” Rugrat said.
The summoner paused before he looked at the poisoned man on the ground. “Go for it.”
Rugrat held out the ropes for the beasts to one of the party members. They took them in one hand, their other holding their blade still.
Erik didn’t want to expose that he was an alchemist. He had just met these people and although he wanted to help them, using healing powder on them after escaping Girus didn’t seem like the brightest idea.
He pulled on gloves, keeping his knee in contact with the patient to use his Simple Organic Scan.
The poison was passing through, paralyzing the target and then hitting them with necrotic damage, eating the tissues and bones it passed through, liquifying them.
Erik pulled out a scalpel and looked at the summoner. “I’m going to cut out the poisoned tissues. It’ll be easier to regrow it than fight off the poison running through their body.”
“Matt…” The holy woman looked to the summoner.
“Do it. We don’t have a choice, Clarissa,” this “Matt” said.
Rugrat started using healing spells on the others who were poisoned and the burned woman.
“I’ve got them stable,” Rugrat said as Erik took out Wraith’s Touch and covered the infected areas of his patient and started working, cutting out chunks of skin and muscle. A rotting smell filled the air and Erik grit his teeth.
He’d faced worse and worrying about a smell would only put his patient in danger.
He continued to cut.
The others looked on in horror as he cut out chunks of the person’s arm and side, cutting away the green rot and leaving large wounds instead.
Erik could see that the trauma was making her drop into shock.
“What’s your name?” Erik asked as he worked.
“Mm-mei. Am I going to die?”
“Mei, was it?” Erik asked.
“Yes.” The girl had tears in her eyes as she started to go pale with the loss of blood. “Cold.”
“You’re not going to die. I’ve dealt with worse. So how did you get into a fight with the swamp monster?” Erik asked as he finished cutting away the last of the rot.
He stored his scalpel and took his gloves off, not wanting any of the poison on them to infect her again.
“W-we were passing through, wanted to go this route instead of the roads. Bandits,” Mei said as the man watching Erik took in a sharp breath. Where bone and bloody wounds had been, it was now quickly regenerating and filling out at visible speed. The bleeding was stopped and color started to return to Mei’s face.
“Bandits a big problem around here?” Erik asked.
“Many people gather all kinds of resources here. If one can raid a caravan, then they don’t have to gather resources, just kill off the group,” Mei explained as her breathing got better.
With most of the poison out of her body and Erik using a mix of healing spells, the poison that had been traveling through her veins started to dim in color until there wasn’t any color showing through her skin anymore.
“Doesn’t sound very fun, but you’ll get to fight another day,” Erik said, as he checked his work.
“You got a healing powder or potion?” Erik asked the group.
“Yeah,” the man nearest Erik said.
“Give that to her. Should clear up anything left.” He moved to the other two people.
“You take the burn,” Erik told Rugrat as he was pulling on new gloves and pulled out Wraith’s Touch, putting the salve on the man who was shaking and coughing as the poison wreaked havoc inside his body.
Erik pulled out a scalpel. The man’s eyes went wide at seeing it.
“Don’t worry. Mei is healthy and fine, and you’ll be right as rain in no time. What’s your name?” Erik used a knife to take the man’s armor off and find the infected areas. He’d been struck in the leg and right armpit.
He looked at the man’s leg. He’d been hit there multiple times.
It only took him a moment to assess. Amputate. He pulled out a tourniquet and wrapped it around the man’s leg, pulling it as tight as possible. He made eye contact with Rugrat, indicating to the leg and his knife and then to Rugrat.
Rugrat grimaced but nodded. A Mana knife appeared in his hand.
“I’m going to have to get rid of some of the infection so don’t worry about it. Now keep your eyes on me, okay?” Erik moved to the man’s arm where he had been hit, away from the infected leg.
He rubbed salve on the man’s side as Rugrat moved closer, releasing the woman with the burns and creating a larger Mana knife; he sliced through the man’s leg. The others tensed up as a foul smell polluted the air once again.
Rugrat took the leg into his storage ring as Erik kept talking to the man, keeping his focus.
“Got you right through the shoulder armor, it did. Nasty piece of work, though not too deep in there, so should have you sorted out in no time. So you didn’t tell me what’s your name?”
“Jaidong.”
“Jaidong, is it? Do you feel any pressure?” Erik asked, working the entire time, carving out infected pieces from the man.
“No, just feel cold.” Jaidong started to cough.
Erik used his Simple Organic Scan. The infection was reaching Jaidong’s throat. “Healing powder!” he called out.
Someone passed him a vial.
He turned Jaidong on his side, putting him in the recovery position as he was coughing up a storm. If he didn’t heal his throat and quick, then he wouldn’t be able to breathe and he’d die.
Erik poured the healing powder into the wounds he had created. He packed the wounds with gauze and used Jaidong’s arm to keep the gauze in place.
He tore off one of the gloves and put it on Jaidong’s throat. He poured out Focused Heal. Jaidong was turning blue as he suddenly took a deep, gasping breath.
“That’s it, nice and easy. Big, deep breaths. You’re fine, okay? Don’t try to talk—just focus on your breathing, okay?” Erik said calmly, reassuring him.
He ran a scan through Jaidong’s body again. The infection in his side was being counterattacked by the healing powder; the infection in his leg was bad but it wasn’t nearing any vital organs.
Erik checked that the infection in his neck was sorted out and directed his Focused Heal into Jaidong’s lower body.
“Stamina powder or concoction?” Erik asked. Jaidong’s pulse was weak and his eyes were rolling back from Stamina fatigue.
“Here, I’ve got a potion.” Someone passed it to Erik.
Erik pulled out the stopper with his teeth.
Erik cast a couple of Simple Ranged Heals on Jaidong. The Simple Ranged Heals, unlike his Focused Heal, worked over a period of time, keeping Jaidong stable and leaving Erik’s hands free.
Erik checked it was working before releasing him. Pulling a needle out from his storage ring, he quickly filled the needle up, cast another Simple Ranged Heal, and checked to make sure that there was no air in the needle, quickly locating Jaidong’s vein and sliding the needle home.
He let out the Stamina Regeneration potion slowly.
“Need that over here. She’s good and healed but drained. Burns were everywhere.” Rugrat moved over to Erik.
“Go for it.” Erik passed the potion over as he checked on Jaidong. Erik’s heals were more effective and his breathing was more natural.
It looked as if he had passed out from Stamina fatigue in the end, though.
“Infection in the side is looking good. Healing powder is doing the trick. Lower body is still nasty, but clearing up with heals.” Erik didn’t hold back anymore now; with the Stamina Regeneration potion, he could heal without worrying.
Around Erik’s hand, light could be seen as he pumped Focused Heal into Jaidong. His leg started to regrow where it had been cut off. A small version of Jaidong’s leg appeared, looking like a baby’s leg and foot connected to a man.
Erik checked under Jaidong’s armpit, removing the gauze to see the recovering areas underneath. He used separate healing spells, knitting the layers back together.
“He’s good to go. I want to wait till he wakes up before healing the rest of his leg.” Erik pulled off his remaining medical glove, putting everything into his storage ring and wiping the sweat off his face. He went to check on the woman with the burns. Rugrat was checking on Mei so that Erik could focus on Jaidong exclusively.
The burned woman was asleep but her wounds had been healed.
“Just needs rest and food.” Erik looked to the others as he gave his assessment and stood back up.
If this was back on Earth, removing the leg would have been the last thing I would have thought of doing. But here in the Ten Realms, with healing potions and magic, as long as you have the gold for it and you’re in the right realm, then it’s no big deal.
Erik snorted and then looked to Matt.
A deep, bassy noise came from deeper within the forest.
“I think it’s time we got moving. We got marked by the corrupted Elkta and the others nearby will be closing in. They’re stronger in the swamp. Once we leave, if they choose to follow us, we’ll be in the clear,” Clarissa, the holy woman, said.
“We can put Mei and the other woman on the backs of our beasts. I can put Jaidong on my back if we strap him up,” Erik said.
Everyone looked to Clarissa before she nodded.
“Let’s get it done. Everyone else, watch out. I want to know if there are any Elkta trying to get close.”
“I’ve heard of people being able to regrow limbs with Alchemy, but aren’t those concoctions hard to find?” someone asked.
“Just shut up and be thankful that we ran into them and they’re willing to help,” another hissed.
Seems that recovering a limb in the Third Realm isn’t such a big topic, but still restricted to people who have the money and the resources. Erik kept this in mind as others helped Erik, strapping Jaidong to his back quickly.
Chapter: Battlefield Trials
Storbon moved his shoulders around in his armor as Ian pulled the leather bindings tight and tied them together.
“Good?” Ian asked.
“Good.” Storbon nodded as he checked his arm bracers and the rest of his gear.
“Can you get my side?” Ian asked.
“Got it.” Storbon pulled on the tongs running up Ian’s side. “Good?”
“Bit tighter,” Ian said.
Storbon pulled them more.
“Good,” Ian said.
Storbon secured it and pulled over the armor panel, using the Velcro—as Erik called it—to secure an armor plate over the opening.
“Have the feeling I won’t be taking this off for a while.” Ian smiled.
“Might be right on that,” Storbon said. In his armor, he felt larger and as if nothing could affect him. Bolstered by the armor’s innate abilities, and the different enchanted rings and the necklace he wore, his Strength had increased significantly.
He checked his leg holster for his small crossbow, the powder packs that could be torn open and poured into wounds, or water to be consumed. The vials could crack and break but the cloth packets had none of that issue.
He checked his dagger and grenades before moving in his armor, settling into it and making sure he had complete mobility. His helmet appeared in his hand and he pulled it on.
All of Special Team One were geared up or nearly there, making their last adjustments.
“Special Team Two would be pissed if they knew about the battlefield dungeon,” Tian Cui said.
“You seen the pouting faces of Special Team Three?” Setsuko asked as she adjusted her sword placement.
“Surprised they haven’t jumped us for the spot.” Yao Meng laughed.
“Once they have the gold, then they’ll be able to as well. Unlike some people, they didn’t go and earn bags of gold in the Second Realm,” Glosil said.
“Perfectly entrepreneurial,” Yao Meng assured Glosil, who rolled his eyes.
“The taxes weren’t,” Yuli complained.
“Seems someone has the trading bug.” Ian grinned.
Yuli shrugged. “You prefer I didn’t get us the best prices?” she asked with a playful smile.
“No, I bow to your marketing brilliance. Your tactics light up the way for me like a perfect golden coin,” Ian said.
The others laughed or shook their heads at his shameless praise.
“Boss, can we change out our tank? I think this one’s been hit in the head a few too many times,” Tian Cui asked.
“All right, you bunch of misfits, check your gear one last time,” Storbon said, ignoring Tian Cui’s words.
“For this operation, I will be in command. Glosil will be in second; Yao Meng after him. Our goal is to take our time, to improve on our fighting skills, get rid of the rust, level up and hopefully earn some good loot!”
They all grinned at his words. Even Glosil looked excited.
He had been hunting in the Beast Mountain and training at the barracks, but he hadn’t gone to the Second Realm. He hadn’t found opponents who were able to challenge him other than the people on the special teams.
Fighting people was a lot different from fighting beasts.
Beasts could have innate skills and abilities. Also, their natural skin and armor could be a lot stronger, their Strength and Agility higher depending on the type of creature they were and the purity of their bloodline.
“Let’s get going,” Storbon said, seeing everyone was ready.
They left their room. Special Team Three and those training in the barracks were there to see them off. Blaze was off watching the Beast Mountain Range.
“Save some of the beasts for us,” Niemm said with a smile as he and Storbon braced arms.
“I’ll do my best. No promises.” He laughed.
They quickly said their good-byes and headed off, walking toward the teleport pad.
Waiting for them there was a newly built building. It was a smaller version of the healing house. After the Metal floor incident and knowing about the battlefield floor, Elise had the building made with Blaze and Glosil’s recommendations.
There was also an area where a group of fighters were to stay to assist in case anything they didn’t want came through the teleport pad.
Egbert was with the medical and fighting team that were on shift.
He pulled out medallions from within a finger bone. “These are your admission medallions. If you are in danger, break the medallions and you’ll return to the teleport pad,” Egbert said. The medallions were silver in color, covered in a magical formation with a glowing crystal in the middle.
Everyone accepted the medallions and put them away carefully.
“Step on the teleport pad and I’ll send you to the battlefield dungeon. When you arrive, the beast that you fight will be randomized. Remember: there is not only the Metal floor; there are also the Earth, Fire, Wood, and Water floors. These areas have highly concentrated attributes, so it is possible that there have been new creatures not seen outside of the dungeon born in the lower floors. They have also probably grown stronger. Although their level might be low, their overall Strength will be high,” Egbert said.
Storbon moved his shoulders around, taking a deep breath and letting it out. He had spent all of his coin on Body Cultivation and had passed through four of the strengthening stages. He had also opened some of his Mana gates, firming up his foundation. While stats and attributes were good to have, increasing the ability of his base body had an accumulative effect. It was like a house: the stronger the foundation, the taller it could be built without issue.
With their training, their leveling up since the Metal floor, and their Body and Mana Cultivation increases, their combat power had taken another leap but they hadn’t been able to use it. Now, as they were getting ready to fight, they felt the nerves of starting, but also the electric thrill of adrenaline pumping in their veins to see just what they could do.
They all stepped onto the teleport pad without any shenanigans, eager to be about it.
Power that had been stored up in the Mana cornerstone reversed, coursing back down and into the powering formations, lighting up the road that led to the teleport pad. Power poured into the teleport pad that activated, sending the energy somewhere else, activating the battlefield dungeon.
The teleport pad lit up with power and hummed.
Special Team One pulled out their weapons and readied themselves.
“See you on the other side,” Storbon said.
There was a flash of blinding light and Alva disappeared.
They arrived in a room, facing a large door.
“All right, I can talk to you from here, but I can’t tell you anything that might help you clear the dungeon. Basically, just passing messages back and forth from you to Alva.” Egbert’s voice came through the room. It was the same room that Erik and Rugrat had been in when they were taking the Beast Mountain trial.
“Thanks, Egbert,” Storbon said. Hearing Egbert’s voice eased their tension a bit. When they were in the Second Realm, even if they wanted to talk to someone else, they couldn’t.
“Yuli in the rear. Ian, Glosil—up front. Tian Cui, Yao Meng, and me in the second rank. Setsuko with Yuli. Cui, if you see an opening, go for it—you don’t need to hold position. Yao Meng, you’re on first aid,” Storbon said, getting everyone organized and focused.
They had teleported basically in their formation but they oriented themselves to the door.
“Ian, want to knock for us?” Storbon asked.
“Sure thing.” Ian walked up and kicked on the door. The door opened slowly, revealing a molten lava world on the other side.
The temperature rapidly increased as they moved forward. There were islands of rock here and there, some floating in the sea of molten lava. There was a sulfur smell in the air as bubbles popped in the molten sea.
There was no sign of any other life.
“Detect Life scroll.” Storbon pulled out a scroll and tore it.
A greenish-white light went out in a sphere from Yao Meng’s scroll, passing through the rock and lava.
The green and white light revealed a long creature hiding in the lava, the light sticking to its body.
“Let’s go to the right, see if it knows we’re here,” Storbon said through his sound transmission device.
They moved to the right side and the long body of what looked like a snake moved, following them. Its head was just barely peeking out of the lava.
“All right, so it can tell where we are. Let’s set up defenses and prepare,” Storbon said.
Yuli pulled out a Mana Gathering formation and put it on the ground. Ian and Glosil pulled out ready-made barricades and slammed them into the ground, securing them. Storbon pulled out a ballista from his storage ring. Yao Meng and Tian Cui pulled out a modified ballista while Setsuko grabbed a repeating mounted crossbow.
It was mounted on the ground but one would sit above the ammunition, pulling on the crank handle to pull back the drawstring—using their legs and upper body to do so. A bolt would fall from the magazine into the breach; then, as the crank was pulled all the way back, the bowstring would be released, shooting forward.
It used the pulley system that Rugrat had created and used gears that could be operated by the pedals to move left and right, up and down.
There were seventy bolts in the magazine and a person could fire as fast as they could pull back.
It was currently the most advanced piece of emplaced weaponry in the Alva Dungeon’s armory. There was only one of them in existence and required the help of the tailors, blueprint office, blacksmiths, woodworking shop, Alchemy shop, and formations workshop. This would be the first battlefield test.
“All right, I’ll wake it up. Yao, can you buff the bolt?” Storbon took out a pot. He poured the gray sludge on the tip of the ballista spearhead.
Yao Meng cast a spell. Blue runes and lines appeared on the bolt as a frosty mist could be seen coming off the ballista bolt.
Storbon aimed with the ballista, using the Detect Life glow that outlined the snake lying in wait in the lava pool.
He took his time and fired the ballista bolt. It arced slightly and came down, piercing through the thin amount of lava and hitting the snake in its exposed nose.
The snake shot back into the lava in pain.
“Get rickety rekt!! Like a solid nineteen damage on that.” Storbon laughed.
The snake rose up out of the lava, exposing its black and red body. It hissed angrily, which was hard because it was a snake; they don’t really sound anything but angry danger poles.
The ballista spear was stuck in its snout as if a third fang. There was a patch of ice around it and threads of smoke from the wound as the poison entered the snake’s veins.
Coming out of the lava, they could all clearly feel a heavy pressure weighing down on them.
Level twenty-one. Storbon’s expression turned somber as the snake turned.
Diving into the lava, the ice effects that Yao Meng had added were reduced heavily.
“Setsuko, Yuli, bring it in. Ian, Glosil, hit it with ranged attacks. Cui, Meng, wait on my order!” Storbon threw hooks onto the bowstring and cranked on the lever at the back of the ballista, dragging it backward. A bolt whistled out at the snake, piercing its hide and going deep into its side.
Yuli stabbed her staff forward as Mana spears appeared around her, firing at the snake.
Setsuko used the pedals to get on target and heaved on the crank, firing and adjusting with her pedals.
The snake contorted in pain as Ian and Glosil used slingshots to hurl grenades at the snake.
It dove into the lava again as its wounds increased.
Storbon seated another spear and coated it in poison again, looking for the snake.
The snake launched itself out of the lava, sending lava everywhere, landing on the rocks and burning anything in its path.
It was seven meters long and a half meter in diameter.
The snake was weaving toward them. Setsuko adjusted onto target as Yuli’s spears changed to Water element and attacked the snake.
Storbon fired on the snake, grazing it and opening up its scaled hide.
“Cui! Meng!” Storbon yelled out.
They had been following the snake with their ballistae.
Cui fired first. The ballista’s payload wasn’t a spear but a series of them attached to a net.
The net opened up as it traveled. The spears drove into the snake and the ground, pinning it there as Meng fired his net. His net aided the first in trapping the snake, rendering it immobile as it struggled against its restraints.
“Damage it!” Storbon yelled.
Glosil and Ian yelled as they rushed out from behind their cover. The snake spat out poison at them.
Glosil dodged it. The poison acted like an acid, burning the ground where it fell.
Ian followed up with a shield bash. The snake’s head moved around with a loss of bearing.
Glosil’s sword stabbed out, finding gaps between scales to increase the internal damage.
Yuli and Setsuko adjusted their aim to miss them.
“Focus on the left side—leave the right open for us!” Yuli yelled out.
Glosil moved to Ian’s side, sliding under the snake. It dropped down, smashing him against the ground.
Ian let out a yell as his muscles bulged. Mana moved through him as he empowered his strike. His hammer hit the side of the snake’s head, making it snap up and to the side. There was a breaking noise as the snake’s jaw took on an unnatural curve. Ian’s hammer had cracked its scales where it hit.
Ian’s hit also threw the snake off Glosil.
He was roughed up but he rolled out from under the snake and jabbed at the area where Ian had cracked the scales, cutting deep as he turned and ripped his sword out, using his full body to do so.
Storbon fired his ballista, followed by Cui and Meng. Storbon and Cui missed, going high and low. Meng’s struck it in its open mouth, making it reel in pain, painting the floor in blood. It struggled against its bonds. Yuli and Setsuko continued their barrage, cutting and wounding the snake.
The Mana Gathering formation increased the amount of Mana around Yuli, increasing her Mana Regeneration and allowing her to cast more spells at a faster rate.
“Ian, hammer!” Glosil yelled, running out in front.
Ian tossed the hammer as Glosil jumped up. Using his strength, he used the hammer to hit the end of the ballista wedged in the snake’s mouth.
The ballista spear drove through the top of the snake’s mouth and into its skull.
It dropped to the ground as Glosil did.
Two more spears landed on its body but it didn’t move.
“You have passed the first level of the battlefield dungeon.” Egbert’s voice rolled through the Fire world. A tombstone appeared above the snake.
“Return to the teleportation room to head to the next level,” Egbert continued.
Everyone relaxed slightly, looking at their first beast as Experience started to flow into their bodies.
“Okay, let’s skin the sucker. Ian, Meng, Glosil, check the area to see if there is anything else of value on the floor. We spent a thousand gold to get down here—hopefully we can make some of that back!”
Everyone put their prepared weapons and defenses away as they set to work. Storbon helped with extracting the nets. They had been made from a special material and hadn’t broken, even with the snake’s struggles.
Meng and Tian Cui reloaded the ballistae with the nets as Setsuko and Yuli walked up and down the snake, talking about how to break it apart.
They worked together, harvesting everything useful from the snake’s body.
“Variant core, Fire, Mortal grade.” Yuli pulled out a monster core.
“Greater Mortal grade,” Setsuko called out, pulling another.
“Not bad. Only when one of the creatures reach the Fourth Realm will their monster cores combine together and they can attain an Earth-grade monster core,” Storbon said.
“Wouldn’t be bad if we could get five Mortal variants,” Cui said.
“That would be nice, but I don’t want to be fighting a beast from the peak of the Third Realm right now,” Storbon said.
“Be a story at least,” Cui said as she put away her ballista.
“We’ll go in the opposite direction of the others and search the floor.”
After it all, they gained about fifty gems as well as ore veins that Ian had taken a pickaxe to that were found across the floor. Then there were some plants that they might be able to transplant that they had sealed in jade boxes. Anything that looked different or valuable was cleared, pried, dug, and cut out.
They cleared out the snake and stored it in their storage rings. With the tombstone, they gained three potions of fire resistance, Journeyman grade, and each of them gained one hundred points that was added to their medallions.
Egbert already told them that when they broke the medallion they would be taken to a prize hall. Here, they could use these points to purchase something or enter into a lottery to get a random item; it might be worth more or less than the points they put in.
The points were bound to one’s soul, so when they entered any kind of dungeon with a prize hall, they could accumulate their points and try to buy something better later.
“How is everyone?” Storbon asked.
“Richer,” Meng said.
“I think I leveled up,” Cui added.
“Smell like fire snake,” Yuli grumbled.
“I think I have some of it in my hair,” Setsuko added.
Glosil shook his head. He seemed a lot more relaxed than normal. Without having to worry about being the boss, he was even having fun. “I leveled up, but I’m good to go.”
“Sorry, what was the question?” Ian asked, looking up from the ore he had mined.
“Next floor?” Storbon asked.
“Good to go,” Yuli said as Setsuko found the bit of snake in her hair and tossed it on the ground. The others agreed and checked their gear.
“Let’s go for it.” Storbon led them back to the room outside the gate.
The gate closed and the flame level disappeared as they entered a new room, this one with the door closed.
“Ian?” Storbon asked.
Ian moved to the door and kicked it.
There was a grassy hill and trees in the middle of the room.
Storbon pulled a Detect Life scroll, ready to tear it as they moved out of the room in formation.
A shrieking noise came from the hill as the “grass” started to move, picking itself up and charging toward them.
“Setsuko, kite it! Yao Meng, be ready to take aggro from her! Everyone else, hold your attacks!” Storbon put the scroll away and grabbed his spear as Setsuko took a potion to increase her speed and fired arrows at the moving pile of moss.
Its shrieking changed in pitch as it turned toward her. As it moved, it grew larger and stronger, but it was like a vacuum, destroying the ground that was underneath it.
“I’ve got it!” Setsuko called out as the floating moss rushed toward her.
She started running, keeping ahead of the moss and firing back at it.
“Ranged attacks—spread out. If it turns on you, pace yourself and stop attacking to let Setsuko or Yao Meng regain aggro,” Storbon yelled.
“Normal arrows only go through, don’t do much damage. Need to use attribute arrows,” Setsuko reported after having cycled through her arrow selection to find out more from their opponent.
“Area of effect attacks if you can,” Storbon said. They needed to grab the weaknesses of the floating moss and quickly. If they could find how to weaken and hurt it rapidly, then the fight was as good as over. If they couldn’t find a method, then this second level would be as far as they made it in the battlefield dungeon.
Setsuko expertly kited it around the open area, keeping it far enough away from the main party that they had time to react if they lost aggro, but close enough that their ranged attacks could still hit.
Yao Meng expertly switched off as she took a breather and downed a Stamina concoction.
The moss was getting smaller as it covered up its wounds, the old destroyed sections falling to the ground.
“It’s slowing,” Glosil said, hesitantly at first, but his words got everyone’s attention. “When it goes over the areas it has already traveled, its speed drops.”
Storbon looked at the dead lines that were left in the moss’s passage.
“If I was to make a guess, I think that the moss is consuming the energy of the plants it passes over, allowing it to move. Once it passes over an already consumed area, then it doesn’t have that much energy—it can’t pull from its environment and has to use its own,” Yuli said.
“Meng! Keep the moss over the areas it has already traveled. It should weaken and slow it down,” Storbon said through the party-linked sound transmission devices.
“On it, boss!”
Meng led the moss back to a dead patch of ground and it started to slow down. They continued to attack it, burning away more of the moss. It fell apart even faster than before.
The moss didn’t move to the greener areas filled with life, only pursuing Yao Meng, who only had to move at a slight jog.
Finally the moss fell apart and collapsed onto the ground in a mound of half-burned brown moss with a tombstone above it.
Yuli’s last spell was dismissed as a grenade went off.
“Looks like we cleared the second level,” Storbon said.
“You have passed the second level of the battlefield dungeon.” Egbert’s voice confirmed Storbon’s words.
Everyone was covered in a golden glow as Experience entered their bodies.
Glosil shook his head. He seemed a lot more relaxed than normal. Without having to worry about being the boss, he was even having fun.
“Don’t worry, we’ve got plenty more levels to go.” Yao Meng smiled and then looked at the brown mass by his feet. “How the hell do we harvest this?” Yao Meng crouched down, pulling out his alchemical tools as he started to test the leftover brown moss.
Chapter: Dervin Swamp Event
The group was moving through the swamp, their guard up as a ranger led the way.
“So when did you guys drop in?” Matt asked Erik and Rugrat in a low voice.
“Nearly over a year ago now. You?” Rugrat asked as Erik checked on the casualties. The rest of the group watched them closely.
“A year, maybe two, hard to tell times with different realms and seasons. It was all this government conspiracy, UFO stuff when I left,” Matt said.
“Do you know why it happens?” Erik asked.
“I’ve looked into it, went and talked to a few people and studied in a few libraries. No one knows why it happens. The Ten Realms has always had people in it. There aren’t just humans; there are other intelligent species, even half beast races and elementals. Looks like the Ten Realms just does it to add new blood and ideas into the Ten Realms. It happens randomly and the people are picked without any care for their physical status, age, position, or what they’ve done.”
“There are gods—maybe they’re the ones?” Rugrat asked.
“The gods are gods in name only. They’ve reached the pinnacle of the Ten Realms, but that doesn’t mean that they can control the Ten Realms, just parts of the population in it.
“Take the Alchemist Association or the Blue Lotus. It is known that the Alchemist Association was built by the Alchemy god. It has strict guidelines on who can join but if one wants to be tested on their skill, they must do so freely. The Alchemist Association is more like a university back on Earth. You can join the religion but you still have your job, house, and rest of your life unless you dedicate yourself totally and become a teacher, department head or whatever. If you’re tested and become a part of the Alchemist Association, you can still open your own sect, or join Alchemy sects. It just grades and says that you’re qualified while giving access to more items. Those resources aren’t free but they’re at least available,” Matt explained.
“What about the Blue Lotus?” Erik asked.
“The Blue Lotus has an incredible amount of power. Even the Alchemist Association members are highly respectful to them. I’m thinking that the god that made the Blue Lotus is a bit more powerful, or they have some immense powerful backing to be stronger than a god,” Matt said.
“How was Earth when you left?” Matt asked after a few moments.
“It was normal. People were getting used to it. Treat it like a new kind of cancer, just a death sentence for someone who gets the Two-Week Curse. Everyone knows about it. Few thousand people have gone missing by now,” Rugrat said.
“Have you met others?” Erik asked.
“No, you’re the first ones. Not many people make it past the First Realm and there are trillions of people over the Ten Realms. A few thousand people from Earth? Going to be near to impossible to meet them. You found anyone?” Matt asked.
“Only you,” Rugrat said.
They fell into an awkward silence for some time.
Erik cleared his throat. “So you’re a summoner?”
“Yeah, though I’m hoping to build up some contacts with the Sha people. They’re big in the Fourth Realm—war fighting group, have gunpowder weapons,” Matt said conspiratorially.
“Yeah?” Rugrat leaned in closer.
“They come down to the Third to get ingredients for their gunpowder—don’t really sell to outsiders. I don’t have that kind of ability with making the items. I was an architect back on Earth. How about you guys?”
“Basically a monk, healing, and punching,” Erik said.
“Ranged rogue.” Rugrat pulled out one of his crossbows and passed it to Matt.
Matt grabbed it and looked it over. A smile appeared on his face, seeing the geared system from compound bows back on Earth. “Well shit, how much you asking for?”
“Forty gold,” Rugrat said.
Matt looked it over. “I can do twenty-five.”
“Thirty-four,” Rugrat said.
“Thirty-two and you’ve got a deal.”
“Done,” Rugrat said.
Matt pulled out the gold and passed it to Rugrat.
A chittering roar came through the forest that made everyone’s hairs stand on edge.
“What the hell is that?” Erik hissed.
“It looks like the other corrupted Elkta picked up our trail,” Clarissa said.
“Pick up the pace. I don’t want to be stuck in no event. Leave it for the military types to bolster their Strength,” she said.
The ranger nodded and pushed on faster.
More growls and roars answered the first as trees could be heard breaking in the distance.
“Sounds like they’re not too happy.” Rugrat pulled out another crossbow.
“You got any more bolts?” Matt asked.
“Reloader, three gold; arrows, four gold per dozen,” Rugrat said.
“That’s nuts!”
“Demand and supply.” Rugrat looked back and grinned before pulling out a reloader and a quiver of bolts and passed them to Matt, who smiled even in the tense situation.
“What kind of creatures can you summon?” Erik asked.
“Shadow wolf, scarenn swarm, and variant lightning wolf that you guys saw,” Matt said.
“Okay.” Erik nodded.
There was a grunting noise from the side as a tree was launched, sailing through the air and slamming into one of the people in the caravan. They didn’t have time to scream as the tree trunk crushed their skull against a boulder.
A couple cried out and the others pulled out their weapons. One ran over the tombstone, taking their gear as their body started to dissipate.
An Elkta charged through the swamp. Its rotting body slammed through the trees and brackish water.
It wasn’t alone; four other Elkta could be seen approaching.
The group didn’t slow down as the ranged members started to hit the Elktas. They yelled out as their wooden bodies were hit but they didn’t stop, the pain only fueling their rage.
“We need to slow the Elkta, get some distance—break them down and hit them when they’re alone,” Erik yelled.
“I’m summoning my shadow wolf. It can hit them from behind and his attacks are stronger when unseen,” Matt said.
“Hold the ropes for the beasts,” Rugrat yelled, firing with his crossbow.
Erik raised his hands. Mana bolts shot out of his hands, tearing at an Elkta as it turned away, trying to stop the relentless barrage.
The Elkta continued right into their formation.
“Buffs!” a melee type yelled out. His body glowed red as Erik stopped firing on the Elkta with Mana bolts, revealing its burned and damaged body.
Buffs fell on the man as his aura jumped in power.
He ran forward. His hand slid over the blade, coating it in poison. As he dodged the Elkta’s front foot, his sword shot out, cutting off the Elkta’s leg. He jumped to the side, touching on a boulder and jumping above the Elkta. He grabbed the Elkta’s side, using the vines to gain purchase as he stabbed his sword into the Elkta’s side and then ripped it out, covered in green blood.
The Elkta tried to hit him but its missing leg made it tilt to the side. The swordsman jumped away and springboarded forward, again stabbing into the Elkta’s back.
He went for a third blow as the Elkta was having a hard time getting back up.
“Louie, get back here! It’ll be hard to move!”
Two more Elkta were rushing the formation. The other two were slower, but only just.
Rugrat turned, digging his feet in as he slid around. He pulled out two crossbows, applying Explosive Shot and firing the crossbows, storing them afterwards and taking out new ones, allowing him to fire as if he had a semi-automatic rifle.
There was no fear, no confusion on his face, just reaction, altering his aim to be in line with the Elkta’s movements.
The Explosive Shots hit true as the Elkta was leaping over a boulder. One hit it in the neck, another in the chest. The explosions covered it in poison and burns.
The Elkta’s roars were silenced as more bolts hit it in the arms and face.
“Covering!” Erik yelled as he was on a rise, firing at the same Elkta with Mana bullets. Each bullet cracked as it passed through the sound barrier. They were more compressed and powerful as they hit deep.
Matt’s shadow wolf appeared. It was thin, looking like a thing made from black vapor. Its claws shining as it cut at the Elkta, tearing out the back of its leg and making it fall forward.
“Moving!” Rugrat yelled. He turned and ran, bounding past Erik and covering one hundred meters in seconds.
Erik looked at the other Elkta that was closing off to his side. The rest of the group was dealing with it.
A holy bolt of light hit it, burning a hole in its front arm.
Arrows stuck out of it, leaking green blood. Louie, using his buffed strength, rushed in and used a bola. The weighted cord wrapped up the Elkta, causing it to slam face first into the swamp, falling into a pool and sending a wave of water forward.
Creatures that had been hiding under the water’s surface appeared, attacking the Elkta that had entered their territory, shredding its face.
“Covering!” Rugrat yelled, shooting past Erik.
Erik turned and ran toward him, seeing the group all fanned out, still running. Matt was with the two startled beasts, keeping them contained and checking on the wounded.
Erik put his hand on Jaidong. The man was stable, still unconscious as he was strapped to Erik’s back.
Erik didn’t even feel his weight anymore as he passed Rugrat and turned around again.
“Frag out!” Rugrat yelled. He hurled a grenade at a new Elkta that was passing the one Rugrat had peppered with arrows and Erik with Mana bullets.
The grenade went off as if it were a fifty-pound bomb.
The Elkta was pushed to the side, having to fight to keep its footing as it rushed forward, madness in its eyes.
Another entered the fight and directly used its thorn attack.
Matt let out a cry as he was hit, protecting the two beasts.
Erik gathered Mana in his hand and cast Simple Ranged Heal. The healing spell fell on Matt, reversing the effects of the thorn.
There were two others hit by the thorns. Erik hurled Simple Ranged Heal at them, but the group was coming to a stop.
“Group together!” Erik yelled.
“Covering!” Erik yelled as he fired on the second Elkta that was focused on Rugrat.
Rugrat turned and ran back.
“Do as he says. We’ll pull back slowly, lame these two, and then keep going!” Clarissa said.
The group started to move, two grabbing the wounded and pulling them back first.
“Covering!” Rugrat yelled.
“Moving!” Erik turned and ran back, passing him and heading for where the group was forming up.
Erik checked his Mana; it was nearly refilled.
He cast Hallowed Ground. A spell formation appeared on the ground for a second before a faint red mist materialized above the ground before turning into faint flames.
People started healing in the three-meter-wide area.
“Melee to the front! Ready yourselves!” Clarissa said.
“If the Elkta reach the circle, they’ll be burned,” Erik said, having to swallow. He was drained of all energy.
He turned and pulled out a grenade, pulling the pin and tossing it over Rugrat and putting it right in the Elkta’s path. “Move!” Erik yelled.
The grenade went off, cutting up the Elkta’s face and chest.
Rugrat used the cover to rush backward.
Roots shot out from one of the three lamed Elktas that were still ambling forward with their serious injuries.
They appeared in the Hallowed Ground, burning and slowing, as the melee types attacked them.
Erik smashed his fist into one that tried to spear him. It exploded as Rugrat passed him. He turned and went toward the Hallowed Ground. He’d recovered enough Mana; a surge of power rushed out of him as the Hallowed Ground expanded to four meters wide.
These Elktas are big targets but they can take the punishment.
Another person was struck with a root that shot through the ground, going through their leg.
Another cut the root, leaving the wooden root in the person’s leg.
The Hallowed Ground was burning the root away and healing the person at the same time but not everyone was inside the Hallowed Ground.
“I’m running out of loaded crossbows. I’ve got ten left,” Rugrat said to Erik, leaving him a silent question. Should I use my rifle?
Another Elkta unleashed its thorn attack as it rushed forward.
Matt was there in time to create a Mana barrier, stopping it from hitting everyone. He quickly downed a blue potion. The paleness in his cheeks faded as the shadow wolf appeared behind the charging Elkta and raked its stomach, leaving a trail of green blood as the surprised Elkta let out a cry of pain.
With the wounded, they could move but only slowly; if the Elkta caught up to them, they’d be done for. If the Elkta got too close, they could use their close-range attacks to reap lives.
“I’m going to need buffs. Rugrat, get ready.” Erik untied the straps connecting him to Jaidong. He looked to the mages but they weren’t casting any buffs, ignoring him and casting them on their own people.
“Clarissa,” Matt said.
“We don’t have enough to go around,” she said, clearly putting a line between them.
Erik let out a bitter laugh. “Fuck it.” He stopped supporting the Hallowed Ground. Without the strain, his Mana started to refill quickly.
He rushed out at the Elkta. Freed from his load, he could move swiftly. He jumped between trees, using them to get higher. He jumped over an Elkta’s head as it tried to swipe him back down to the ground. Erik barely got a hold on the Elkta. He wrapped his left arm in a vine and used his right to smash into the Elkta repeatedly. Under the repeated hits, he pierced the Elkta’s back and fired Mana bullets out of his hand.
The Elkta cried out in pain and reared up as Rugrat fired.
The round pierced through the Elkta’s head, blowing a dinner plate-sized hole through it, ending its yells.
Erik pulled out his green blood-covered hand. He paid no attention to the new tombstone and launched off, running at his next target. He dropped to the ground as its arm expanded, sweeping over his head as Erik hit rocks and tree branches.
Rugrat fired over Erik, hitting the Elkta’s other leg and dropping it. It slammed into the ground and flipped over.
Erik rolled over and got up, his legs forgetting how to work as he fought against the pain and discomfort.
He jumped forward and punched the Elkta in the head. Each of his hits flowed, with his muscles and his Mana empowering each other. His second blow pierced the Elkta’s eyes, making it cry out and nearly tossing Erik, who held on and used Mana Bolt inside the Elkta’s head.
Pure chaotic Mana surged into the Elkta’s head, causing it to explode and sending Erik flying backward.
He hit a boulder and slammed into the ground.
His vision was blurry, his head pounding. He spat out dirt and shattered teeth as he pulled out healing powders and poured them into his mouth.
The shadow wolf hit another Elkta, causing it to fall to the ground. Rugrat fired into it.
His rounds punched holes into it, but still it wouldn’t die.
The three that they had maimed were moving forward still, pressuring the group.
“With me!” Louie yelled out.
“Louie!” Clarissa yelled.
Louie didn’t care as he rushed forward, leading the melee types, passing Erik and striking out at the Elkta. One was hit and sent flying by the blow; another was crushed under an Elkta’s feet.
Erik grunted and ran forward into the chaos as spells rained down on the Elktas.
Erik used his strength to put the Elkta off-balance, opening them up for hits and taking their attention away from others.
Four more people were injured and one killed before they destroyed all of the Elkta.
Erik cast Hallowed Ground, organizing people. “Put the wounded into the Hallowed Ground. Protect outward. Give them Stamina and health concoctions if you have them.
“Rugrat, I need your help. I’ll triage; you stabilize,” Erik said.
“On it,” Rugrat said.
Erik’s head was starting to clear. His body hurt but he wasn’t critically injured.
People were brought in front of him. He ran through them, prioritizing them and passing them to others to be watched or stabilized by Rugrat if they were in a bad way.
Erik used his spells to pull the worst together. He didn’t heal them all the way, just making sure that they wouldn’t die and moved on.
It was some forty minutes later before he stopped.
“Why aren’t you healing them all the way?” Clarissa demanded.
“They’ll live and they’re stable. Stamina and health concoctions will sort them out. Not sure what might happen so I’ll heal them periodically but I want to have Mana to use in a fight,” Erik said.
Clarissa looked as if she wanted to say something but looked over to Rugrat instead, a hint of fear in her eyes.
“Oh, and we’ll need an oath by the Ten Realms that you never saw us,” Rugrat added.
He hadn’t missed Clarissa denying Erik’s request for buffs.
“I swear on the Ten Realms that I will not reveal anything that is related to Erik and Rugrat to any other soul without prior permission,” Matt said without pause. The light of the Ten Realms fell on him.
Clarissa grit her teeth and shot an accusatory look at Matt.
Louie followed up, with the others adding in theirs. Clarissa gave hers but glared at Erik as she did so.
“Didn’t think you’d side with a fucking Sha, Matt,” Clarissa spat before leaving.
Matt grimaced as he followed Clarissa. Some stayed to watch the wounded but the rest followed to have a meeting.
Rugrat whistled and circled his finger next to his head. “Loco.”
“Si,” Erik said and pulled up his notifications.
==========
Event
==========
You have killed the corrupted Elktas, the forest spirits of the Dervin Swamp. Investigate the Elkta and find out what corrupted them.
Clear the corruption from Dervin Swamp.
==========
==========
Skill: Hand-to-Hand
==========
Level: 46 (Apprentice)
==========
Attacks cost 20% less Stamina
==========
==========
Skill: Throwables
==========
Level: 28 (Apprentice)
==========
Your throws gain 5% power
==========
==========
Upon advancing into the Apprentice level of Throwables, you will be rewarded with one randomly selected item related to this skill.
==========
You have received the item: Flowing wave
+10,000 EXP
==========
Erik reached out and a glow appeared above his hand. The light resolved into a throwing spear with intricate carvings up and down its body that looked like flowing waves charging forward against the cliffs, their momentum unstoppable.
“It’s only Apprentice grade.” Erik sighed and put it away in his storage ring as he appraised it quickly. Pretty but not the strongest item he could get.
“Pay the man if you want a throwing spear,” Rugrat said as he had unloaded his rifle and was checking it.
Erik read out his last notifications.
==========
Skill: Healer
==========
Level: 57 (Journeyman)
==========
You have become familiar with the body and the arts of repairing it. Healing spells now cost 5% less Mana and Stamina.
==========
==========
219,739/700,000 EXP till you reach Level 26
==========
His healing skill was still increasing but he’d needed to heal more people with different injuries to increase his skill level.
He went back up to the event information.
Matt walked back from the meeting some time later.
“Matt, do you know where these screwed-up Elktas are coming from?” Erik asked.
Matt shrugged. “I don’t have a clue. We can take a look at the bodies, though. Also, Clarissa might not like it but they’ve agreed that you should get four of the Elktas of your choosing. If it wasn’t for you, two more would have died.”
“Do you know how to harvest Elktas and the useful bits?” Rugrat asked.
“I know a bit of how to take them apart. To the right person, they can be worth a lot. These ones are corrupted, so they’ve been absorbing Mana not to their Affinity, which has caused them to mutate. Makes them good fertilizer for mixed-Affinity plants. Alchemists are always looking for fertilizer. Might be best to just take them all and sell them. They’re worth a few hundred gold in total, not including the three monster cores it should have, and it should have at least one variant core,” Matt said.
“Let’s take a look,” Erik said.
They walked over to the Elkta. After a few minutes, they simply cut them up and stored them in their storage rings. They could clean them up and see which parts people wanted to buy later.
Matt had a dark look on his face as he smelled a piece of bark from the Elkta. “I think that these Elkta found something in the swamp with an Earth Affinity. The Elkta, finding the different attribute, went to go and find it and eliminate it and were contaminated.”
“Aren’t Earth and Wood the same thing?” Rugrat asked.
“The attribute system is lined up with the Eastern system, not the Western,” Matt said.
“Well, how the hell are we going to find that?” Rugrat asked.
Erik had a random thought and pulled up his titles. He used his ability Dungeon Sense. He looked off to the side. Four kilometers away, his Dungeon Sense had picked something up.
“Matt, do you want to come with us, or stay with your band?” Erik asked directly.
“I basically paired up with them for a job and to earn some coin. Clarissa tolerates me but she doesn’t like having another high-powered mage around—makes her feel threatened. If you’d be okay with it, I’d like to join up with you guys. I have some Sha contacts as well to help with weapons,” Matt said.
“Welcome aboard.” Rugrat slapped Matt on the back.
Matt stumbled forward but didn’t fall over.
“All right, we need to lose the group. Then it’s time to go hunting. Maybe we can upgrade our core again.” Erik gave Rugrat a look.
“A core core?” Rugrat confirmed. “Well shit, we need to get to that thing, though?”
“Yeah, but if we can get this, we can solve our money issue and strengthen our place, or we can take it over and make it a separate point for us to go to. I can do the test again at a later time,” Erik said.
“All right, I’m up for a challenge,” Rugrat said with a big smile plastered on his face.
==========
Event
==========
You have found the location where the Elktas were corrupted. Search the location.
Clear the corruption from Dervin Swamp.
==========
“This event is like the worst privacy settings I’ve ever seen on a phone and it doesn’t care. If I talk about dog toys, am I going to get blasted with ads?” Rugrat muttered.
“Phones—I haven’t thought about those in a while.” Matt laughed.
“Let’s go talk with the group and split.” Erik walked back toward where the group was, getting ready to move out.
Chapter: Gaining Power
Qin was in her old residence, looking out at the gardens as night approached.
“It feels strange, brother Yui,” Qin said, sensing Yui’s approach.
“What does?” Yui sat down in a seat opposite her.
They had dinner with their father and brother as well as a few of their old friends, only finishing a short while ago, but Qin felt different—strange and removed from it all.
“It feels like it’s home, but there’s a wall between it and me now.” Qin looked to Yui with a confused expression.
Yui took a deep breath and looked out at the garden. “That’s because this is merely the place that we grew up. It’s not our home anymore.” His voice was heavy, filled with memories and their past.
Qin fell quiet as she didn’t know what to say.
“You’ve become really powerful recently. Now I don’t think even I can defeat you.” Yui laughed, changing the subject.
Qin smiled slightly. With her being such a low level, being in the party that went to the Metal floor, her level had increased rapidly, jumping over ten levels in one shot.
“Are you okay from that trip? I know that it was hard on you,” Yui said in a soft voice.
“I’ve never seen anything like that, or been in anything like that before.” Qin paused, unsure what to say, how to convey it to someone who wasn’t there.
“You were scared, terrified, but alive; every action you took had a reaction. You had a purpose, a driving force, and it was electric to be part of a team that had real and direct impact. You were running at your peak performance, and it was exhilarating but that fear never left, it never went away, you just had to push it to the side?” Yui said.
Qin was shocked by his words. The feeling from back then gripped her stomach in fear but made her legs, arms, and chest flush with energy. “I want it again,” she said in a low voice.
Yui shook his head and laughed. “Then I think it’s time you learned a bit more about combat magics.”
“I want it, but I was useless there, just some girl from a compound who has been guarded all of her life. I wasn’t able to do anything to help. So what if I felt purpose in it and I wanted to help out? I wasn’t able to,” Qin said, dismissing his words.
“It is easy to feel powerless. I know I did. When I started, everyone was able to beat me up. There are still a lot who can. I can draw with a number of them, but their techniques, their abilities—they don’t hold anything back.
“While I was studying fighting quietly here, I wasn’t in real life-and-death fights. The defense of their village put them through those fights, opened their eyes to it. It was only when I was in the Beast Mountain Range and fighting beasts there that I felt the fear of nearly dying. The knowledge of just how much the people around me relied on me. How my actions could lead to them or me dying. You’ve got a great talent in magic. Your Mana Regeneration is alarming. If you could open more of your Mana gates, you’d be one of the top mages,” Yui said with no shred of exaggeration.
Qin was about to say something when Yui held up his hand, silencing her.
A few moments later and she heard it too. Footsteps. She smiled at their familiar sound.
“Dad?” she asked as Elan appeared on the balcony too.
“I was wondering where you two had gone hiding.” He moved to the chairs. “This has always been a peaceful spot.” He took his time to look over the garden and the small river and waterfall in its center.
“As it is after dinner, are you interested in the business proposal that we bring?” Yui asked.
“Seems that you are a merchant’s son after all.” Elan smiled at his son’s tactics, remembering his father’s lessons. “Fine. Tell me what the terms are.” He looked at Yui in interest.
“Monster cores for sale in bulk, including Mortal variants. Also…” Yui looked around and listened to make sure that no one was close. “Purchasing of Mana stones—twelve hundred gold for a Mortal-grade Mana stone. Negotiations are open for Mana-grade cornerstones,” Yui said, dropping the bomb in Elan’s lap.
He frowned, his look becoming deeper and completely serious. “For those kinds of resources…” Elan shook his head as he saw the looks his children were giving him.
“I have a few people I can ask about this kind of thing. Mana stones are a symbol of power. In the First Realm, they aren’t that useful for people and they’re hard to move. Most are sold to the Blue Lotus for a flat fee of one thousand gold. There have been kingdoms in the past that have propped themselves up on a Mortal-grade Mana cornerstone.”
Yui and Qin looked at each other. They knew that they were expensive and worth a lot, but then the resources that they were in contact with day in and day out were not simple nor cheap items. They had become numb to it.
Although Alva Dungeon was burning through these resources rapidly, the cost associated with them was comparable to what small kingdoms could produce.
Being away from everything and just in Alva Dungeon has screwed up my sense of scale, what with Erik and Rugrat going to the Third Realm, Special Team Two in the Second Realm, Special Team One in the battlefield dungeon and having returned from the Second Realm.
“So how long are you with us for?” Elan asked.
“Four or five days. We don’t want to fall behind,” Qin said.
Elan’s smile weakened and then grew brighter. “I’m happy to see you so strong. You’re more than old enough to forge your own future. Just know that you will always have a place here.” He looked to them both.
“Thanks, Dad,” Qin said as Yui nodded, both of them touched by their father’s sentiments.
***
Storbon and the rest of the party grunted as they made it back into the teleport room and laid down on the ground.
“Screw the Earth floor—everything is twice as heavy!” Tian Cui complained.
“Don’t forget twice as strong.” Ian took off his dented armor and put it to the side, rubbing his side as he took a healing powder.
It was their sixth opponent—a bren, a heavy creature with six limbs to distribute its heavy weight. Its skin was like a boulder’s, worn smooth from constant sandstorms.
It could thump on the ground, creating a small tremor to make people fall over, and it could call up a small sandstorm, sending it flying at its opponents, cutting them with the high speed sand driven by high winds.
Yuli, Yao Meng, and Storbon were all cleaning out their wounds and pouring healing powder into them.
They looked out at the desert land. Setsuko and Glosil were dealing with the beast, breaking it down as the others treated their wounds.
“All right, let’s see if there is any loot in the rest of the desert.” Storbon pulled out a scarf and glasses, putting them on to protect himself. Random sandstorms happened in the battlefield and getting sand in your eyes wasn’t a good time.
He checked his wounds and trudged back out into the sand, walking counter-clockwise, looking around for anything that might be valuable.
“Hopefully can find something good this time,” Storbon said. I wonder just what this stuff is worth.
He knew that the hides of the harvested creatures would be worth a fair sum based on his tailor’s knowledge. Yao Meng, with his background in Alchemy, said that the ingredients would be useful as well, but they couldn’t come up with anything like accurate prices. 
They’d all gained at least a level or two since entering the battlefield dungeon. Glosil was quickly catching up to them in terms of levels. Being a lower level than them and the beasts, his Experience multiplier was rather high. 
He’d left behind the skin of an officer and showed his fighting talent. Storbon thought that he might be able to beat Glosil in terms of stats, but not in overall combat strength. 
“I hope the next one is a Water world,” Yao Meng said. “It’s the only one we haven’t seen yet.” 
“We don’t have water-breathing potions and there’s no knowing if there will be any land on a water level,” Storbon said. 
“Well, come on, then we wouldn’t have a chance!” Yao Meng complained. 
“Egbert said that there should be some land but we don’t know how much,” Yuli said. 
“Otherwise we make our own land, with Yuli creating an ice sheet for us,” Storbon said. 
They were back in their combat mindset, fully engaged with the battle in front of them. 
It was something that was hard to explain, but it pushed them all to remember their training better, to fight harder and increased their lethality through every means. 
They looked like hell, but they fought like demons. 
Hopefully we’ve passed enough creatures to allow us another round. I wonder what’s in the prize hall. 
Chapter: Temple of Earth’s Divinity
“You really want to go with them?” Clarissa hissed as she talked to Matt. Louie and the other heads of the trading caravan were around as well, a look of disappointment in their eyes.
“I’ve made my decision,” Matt said, not backing down in the slightest.
“They might seem kind but they will turn on you in an instant,” Clarissa said. She might not like having another mage in the group but she knew the value of Matt. He was not only good with magic but also talented in other areas as well.
The rest of the heads all looked at Matt as well.
“Seems to be a running theme in the Third Realm,” Matt shot back. His eyes thinned. He was a nice and calm guy most of the time, but he wasn’t blind to her actions or what happened around him.
Clarissa closed her mouth and looked away as if she had been slapped.
“He’s a Sha though,” Louie said, concern in his voice. “They’re a group that lives for fighting and hold the most powerful empires in the Third Realm.”
Matt let out a laugh and shook his head. “We’re from the same place. They’re a bit south from me.”
The others looked at Matt in alarm. All of them were born and raised in the third realm but he didn’t hide that he was from somewhere else. They didn’t know if it was the first or third realm. Some of them looked down on him for it, others looked at him with praise making it this far.
The way he talked about Erik and Rugrat it made it seem like they were much closer than just a realm apart.
“Maybe he’ll even make me a gun, though sounds like he’ll want some coin for it,” Matt grumbled before shrugging. “Well, have a good one. I’ll see you later!” With that, Matt left.
None of them tried to hold him back; he had pretty much admitted that he was a Sha as well.
Matt went over to Erik and Rugrat, who had packed up their gear. They had sold their mounts to the caravan. With three of them, they couldn’t ride just the two beasts and they were walking toward a fight. The beasts might flee in the fighting, and they didn’t have time to worry about them.
“Fifty gold, not bad,” Rugrat said as Matt joined them.
“Okay, so, where are we going?” Matt asked as they started walking.
Erik used his sound transmission instead of talking out loud in case the others were listening. “We’re going dungeon hunting.”
Matt heard those words and his eyes jumped out of his skull as he stared at Erik and Rugrat in alarm.
Erik and Rugrat grinned as they walked, looking like old veterans once again walking into the breach.
“Don’t worry—it should be fun. Probably make some Experience and coin on it,” Rugrat said, using his sound transmission as well as he turned back around.
Erik was in the lead, casting a spell through his feet to make sure that they didn’t walk into any monster ambushes or walk into a swamp.
Matt looked back to the other group but they were already starting to pack up and leave.
“You coming?” Rugrat asked, seeing him lagging behind.
“On my way,” Matt said. “So, you said that you need to get somewhere. Were you looking for this dungeon?”
“Nah. We need to get to—what’s that place called?”
“Khusai,” Erik supplied.
“Yeah, Erik isn’t just a healer—he’s an alchemist as well. Made it through the first round of some application thing, needs to pass through the second part and then onto the Alchemist Association proper. Though we kind of offended someone. See, Erik here is actually good at something other than punching the fuck out of monsters. He placed second, upset the lord of the city’s son, so he—well, he chased us, probably wanted to do the whole I’m an arrogant prick rah rah, gimme my place ’cause I wanna be a big alchemist!” Rugrat’s voice turned to that of baby speak. “Yeah, so we got out of there, but now we need to get to Khusai.”
“Well, we can use caravans, though; sounds like this prick might be looking for you. Ran into it myself in the First Realm—when I had a knife on me, some fucker wanted to steal it. Keep your shit hidden. Anyway, there are also aerial rides that we can book from some of the cities, using those to travel to Khusai faster.”
“See, I knew it would be good bringing him along!” Rugrat said.
Matt rolled his eyes and smiled. It felt good to be with people from Earth, to have a connection with people again. He had moved between caravans and the realms, wanting to explore and see more. He knew that the Ten Realms weren’t kind and he knew that he’d face a lot of danger in the future, but he’d have a good time doing it.
***
“How are your Mana channels?” Erik asked as they were walking.
Matt looked to them in question as Rugrat responded.
“Had to use the rifle because they were strained to the limit,” Rugrat admitted, clenching his fist. “I think I tore them a bit. I was able to heal them, but there was scarring left. I’m not able to heal them with just spells now,” Rugrat said.
“We’ll find a way to fix it,” Erik promised. Matt nodded as well.
“Well, I like to be the bearer of good news: I can feel concentrated Earth-attribute Mana up ahead, not far now,” Rugrat said.
Matt readied his crossbow as Erik circulated his Mana, pushing forward.
It wasn’t long until he felt the change in Mana.
Using it as a guide, they moved forward, finding a large rock formation that looked as though it had been split into two. Swamp water drained into a hole that was revealed in the middle of it.
Where the swamp and that opening met, one could feel the Mana interacting. The pure Earth-attribute Mana was absorbing the Water-attribute Mana while the Wood element Mana was trying to break up and insert its power into the Earth Mana.
Although on a Mana sense it was chaos, in the middle of the swamp, an island of plants were flourishing, cleansing the heavy Water- and Wood-attribute Mana. The Earth-attribute Mana was stronger and it was advancing more but they were coexisting on the edges.
“As more of the Earth-attribute Mana is released, this swamp will be transformed and changed into a forest.” Erik looked into the hole. He could see light inside.
“We’ll make entry and see what we can find. We’ll see how far we can get. Then, Rugrat, I want you to use your Dungeon Sense, find us where that dungeon core is. Once we have that, we can control the dungeon or destroy it.”
“Sounds good,” Rugrat said.
Matt looked at the forest that was growing before focusing back on Erik.
“I can summon a shadow wolf to go inside and scout it out. It can’t report anything, but it’ll update our maps. There is a chance that it will be discovered, though,” Matt said.
“Worth it to get some extra recon,” Rugrat said. “Tight enclosed space.”
“Do it. The more we know, the better,” Erik said.
Matt started the summoning ritual and the vapor-like shadow wolf appeared.
“All right, Sally, go and check out that dungeon over there for me, will you?” Matt asked.
“Look, I know that Peter is a bully, but he’s your brother, all right?” Matt talked to the summon as he scratched behind her ears.
She let out a small yelp.
“I know. I’ll be harder on him. I need your help for something really important. You did so well with the Elkta. I want you to go into that opening there, go and find what’s on the other side. Could you do that for me?” Matt’s tone changed to dog talk as he gave Sally heavy petting.
“Yes. Who’s a good wolf? Yes, you are.”
Finally Sally walked off toward the opening, disappearing into the shadows before heading into the dungeon.
“So, summons—they like real creatures?” Rugrat asked.
“Well, you can go to certain holy places and find spirits there that can be summoned, or you can purchase them from different stores. Some people use them as beasts to do their bidding. They can, but then they don’t grow. With summons, you can use certain materials to help them grow, but they can also grow by themselves if they want to.
“They help me out and I give them Mana, but I don’t need to treat them like slaves. Summoned creatures leave once their owner is killed, but after some time, they want to act upon the world. They need a person to supply them Mana and summon them from wherever they are.”
Mat pulled out his map and was looking at it. As Sally moved through the dungeon, the map updated.
Sally went to the right. There was a locked door and then a portcullis.
“I can supply her enough power to change into vapor and enter the room, but then I won’t be able to support her long. And if there’s another door, I don’t think I’d be able to help her get past it,” Matt said.
“Let’s backtrack and see what we can find,” Rugrat said.
Sally retraced her steps and went through the halls. She reached a door. It took some time but she forced it open and entered a room. There were no other exits and she left the room, turning right. She traced out some more corridors before she reached another door. She passed it and entered the room.
“There’s danger! There must be something in there!” Matt said.
“Call her back. Get her to get the creature to follow,” Erik said.
“We’ll bring it out into the swamp. It’ll be weaker without the Earth attribute. I’ll get it into the swamp water. Rugrat, Matt—you hit it. I’ll keep it tied up and try to give you openings.”
“Take this.” Rugrat passed Matt a storage ring with loaded crossbows.
“Thanks.”
“Just don’t shoot me in the ass!” Erik moved to the split rocks, pressing his back to the wall. “Give me a description of it as you see it,” Erik called out.
“Got it!” Rugrat had moved to a new vantage point as Matt moved off to the other side with a loaded crossbow.
Erik tried to calm his breathing. Everything sounded as if it were too loud and that whatever was coming was sure to find out about him.
He circulated Mana through his body, ready to unleash it all in a moment. His muscles coiled, ready to act.
Sally flew out of the opening. A screeching noise could be heard.
Erik was reminded of pterodactyls for some reason.
There was a scraping noise as the beast seemed to have missed the doorway.
Erik felt the ground shaking as it ran forward.
“Looks like a fucking T-rex but has a face like a vacuum cleaner. Five talons. Lots of fucking teeth. And three eyes, top and both sides! Green!” Rugrat yelled out.
The beast shot out from the rocks, scraping the walls with its large body.
Erik rushed out at the beast but it seemed to know about him. Its barbed tail whipped out and hit Erik in the chest, sending him flying, smashing into a tree and rolling into the swamp.
It lost interest with the wolf and jumped with its two powerful legs.
Erik used his feet to push back, sliding through the mud and grime.
Rugrat and Matt opened fire.
One of the talons from its umbrella-like mouth hit his leg but the armor saved Erik as he was able to scramble up to his feet.
A grenade appeared in his hand and he tossed it. The creature seemed to know what it was; using its tail, it smacked the grenade away and hit Erik again.
It turned to face Rugrat and Matt. Its leg muscles contracted but Sally came in, latching onto the creature’s back leg, making it stumble forward instead of jump.
Erik had been tossed in the direction of the grenade and was scrambling through the waist-thick mud.
Matt was having a hard time landing hits. Rugrat missed a few times as well. The grenade went off, a fountain of mud and gas.
Erik rolled out of the mud as the beast’s talons tore into Sally, making her howl before Matt canceled the summon.
Anger seemed to make him shoot better as more of his arrows hit the beast that was bleeding from several hits on its scaled hide.
The beast let out a high-pitched roar, its umbrella-like mouth shaking into the sky.
Erik’s eardrums ruptured and blood came out of them as the world turned painful and confusing, his balance thrown off.
He fought to try to keep where he was going, throwing healing powder around his head in a bid to get it in his ear. He used Focused Heal and tossed Simple Ranged Heal at Matt. Thankfully, it was a lock-on spell and reached him as he was screaming out, rolling on the ground.
Erik jumped and grabbed the creature’s neck. “Hallowed Ground!” Erik called out. He needed the words to focus his mind. The spell appeared on the ground underneath him and the beast as he lurched to the side, trying to drag the beast down with him.
It held upright, stumbling but staying up as flames appeared on its body.
It tried to shake Erik off, its neck going from side to side.
Erik flushed his body with Mana, enhancing his power as he jumped up and threw his legs forward, causing the beast to flip on its side.
Its legs clawed on the ground as Rugrat fired into the beast’s stomach.
Poison could be seen spreading from the wounds. The beast fought harder as it seemed to know what was coming.
Erik was eye to eye with it, seeing the blind rage and fury in its eyes.
Erik rolled off and punched forward. The beast was just pulling its head up when it was met with a fistful of Mana Detonation.
Erik’s newfound hearing disappeared again as the beast’s head slammed into the ground and bounced back up, leaving a crater behind. Its eye shattered as the rampant Mana covered its body, poisoning it.
Erik had held back Mana Detonation when fighting the Elkta. He didn’t know the people in Matt’s group and he wanted to have an extra weapon against them.
Now he used it for the first time with his new armor and higher level. The power was incredible. Used in such close proximity, it was devastating.
Under his fist, the beast’s head deformed as Erik grew stronger, the beast being burned by the Hallowed Ground as Erik was healed by it.
“It’s dead! Erik!” Rugrat called out as Erik’s hearing started to come back.
He felt the flow of Experience enter him as he looked at the beast’s tombstone.
“Fucking dinosaurs?” Erik asked in an alarmed voice.
“Well, I guess. Kind of. I’m not a dinosaur tamer,” Rugrat said.
“Whoever tries to tame one of these is insane, or a goddamn legend with brass balls.” Erik stepped backward, dismissing his Hallowed Ground as his Mana started to come back at a rapid rate.
Matt also came down from the hill. Blood showed in his ears and he had an embarrassed look on his face. “Sorry, guys.”
“Don’t be. Shit happens. Didn’t know that it would have some kind of uber shit eardrum bursting attack,” Rugrat said.
“What the Southerner said.” Erik checked his storage rings. “Thankfully we were able to get the biggest damn storage rings. Still, we’ll need to break this up a bit to fit in the smaller ones.”
“You think you could call Sally up again and have her look past where ole t-rexy came from?” Rugrat asked.
“It’ll take forty minutes before the cooldown is over. Based off the map, though, it doesn’t look like there are anymore rooms in there,” Matt said.
“So we’ve got a locked room and one with a portcullis. What’s the word?” Rugrat said.
“Store this hunk of junk, then we get moving.” Erik took off his helmet and wiped mud off his face and some that had gone down his neck as best as he could.
“The hell is that?” Erik stopped his actions, hearing wings beating.
Rugrat looked where Erik was and pulled up his rifle, checking with his scope.
“I don’t see—” There was a lion’s roar in the distance, followed by other weaker roars.
“I hear something.”
“Thank you, Captain Obvious. No wonder you only passed high school.” Erik pulled his helmet on.
“Passed tenth grade—well, that’s what the recruiter said. They’re really good at making things up and putting you in uniform.” Rugrat’s tone turned from bragging to dark mutterings.
“And look at you, upstanding citizen now.” Erik shot him a grin.
Rugrat gave him the middle finger as Matt smiled.
Erik checked his notifications quickly.
==========
281,838/700,000 EXP till you reach Level 26
==========
“Now let’s go and see what’s down there.” Erik led the way, with Matt behind him and Rugrat taking up the rear.
They went through the opening, finding it joined near to where three other corridors connected to one another. They went to the left, where the beast had come from.
==========
You have entered the dungeon: Temple of Earth’s Divinity
==========
They continued on, finding an empty room with marks on the floor where the beast lived.
“There is something here.” Matt pointed at the ground.
Erik and Rugrat moved forward. Rugrat covered Erik as he cleared the dirt away with a shovel.
He hit something metal after just digging a few shovel flips to excavate the dirt floor. He scraped more dirt away, revealing a box.
Pulling it up, they checked it for traps.
“Looks clean,” Matt said.
Erik used the throwing spear from the doorway to open the chest. He broke the lock with it and knocked the top off.
He looked inside to find four scrolls. “Looks like spell scrolls.” Erik held them out to Matt.
“This is a Detect Undead scroll, Magic Aura scroll and Knock... holy shit.” Matt held the last scroll, eyes wide. “This is an Arcane Enchant scroll.”
“What do they do?” Rugrat asked.
“Arcane Enchant can enchant a weapon with a free enchantment slot. The result is randomized from a dungeon but this is a Journeyman-level enchantment. This, I’ve only seen it twice and it was being sold by the Blue Lotus. They can only be found in dungeons and although they can give you a low enchantment, there is a possibility to give a high level, powerful enchantment that hasn’t been seen in the Ten Realms for centuries. Even Apprentice-level enchantments—if their effects are good, then sects and schools will go to war to acquire them.”
Erik and Rugrat looked at each other.
“Well, hopefully it’s something good!” Rugrat laughed.
“What about the others? Detect Undead is pretty much self-explanatory.”
“Magic Aura basically allows you to place an aura on an item, making it appear to be enchanted. It’s used to fool people, though there are a few spells that can trump it. The Knock is a scroll to open up to two doors in an area of effect—has to be doors, not portcullis or magically locked doors.”
“Looks like we’ll be putting that to use sooner rather than later,” Erik said. “Okay, let’s go to that second empty room and then we’ll head to that locked door and portcullis.”
They went to the other room and found nothing. Then they retraced their steps and went toward the locked doors that had stopped Sally from advancing any farther.
Erik moved up to the portcullis. On the other side, there was a dimly lit room. The walls were covered in mold and there were signs of corruption as a foul smell of swamp reached him.
There was the sound of something shuffling about in the space, and Erik saw cracks in the ceiling where swamp water and roots from the trees above tried to enter the room.
Pillars held up the ceiling but some of them had given away, leading to the instability in the ceiling.
The creature that had been shambling around came into view. It looked like a scarecrow with long arms that hung down at its sides.
Its body had been made from boulders and dirt, but now it was covered in plants that broke and cracked the boulders, digging into the dirt.
Worms filled the cavities where its eyes had been and moved through its body. Its body was nothing more than a host for the Wood-attribute creatures.
Erik waved the others up and pointed at the creature.
“Momma Rodriguez used to say, do what they tell you, unless it sounds dumb. Then get the hell out of there. If you don’t, then I’ll beat the hell out of you and your commanding officer,” Rugrat said.
“She did make amazing candied yams,” Erik reminisced.
“I ain’t fucking going in there, man,” Rugrat said.
“Candied yams?” Matt asked.
“Like sweet potatoes with sugar goodness and marshmallows on top.” Erik could just taste them.
“Damn, heart attack waiting to happen.” Matt shook his head.
“But it tasted soo good!” Erik shot back.
“Erik, c’mon, man!” Rugrat said.
“Who said anything about going in there?” Erik said as the creepy scarecrow creature looked around the area. Made of mold and fungus, it shuffled forward slightly.
“Portcullis, perfect for resting your rifle on.” Erik smiled. “I don’t want to get my ass beat.”
“We are in the Ten Realms,” Matt said.
Erik looked right into Matt’s eyes. “Momma Rodriguez has ways, my man. Ain’t no Ten Realms going to stop her from crossing the divide to beat my ass because I got Rugrat hurt. Lady is like a damn tiger, bear, wildebeest Southern saint!”
“Damn right,” Rugrat said, both of them completely serious.
“Noted,” Matt said, not sure how to react.
Rugrat and Erik looked at each other before looking at the shuffling Earthen scarecrow mixed with the corruption of the swamp above.
“Damn, Momma Rodriguez could cook,” Erik said.
“Qualified for sainthood,” Rugrat agreed as he put his rifle’s barrel through the portcullis, aiming at the creature.
Erik slid his own hand through the bars as Matt moved to his other side, raising up a crossbow.
“Rugrat, if you’d do the honors,” Erik said.
Rugrat took his time, lining up the shot.
He fired. The pressure wave of the weapon hit everyone in the chest as the creature let out a wail and stumbled to the side, a chunk of plants and boulder missing.
Erik and Matt followed up. Matt’s bolt didn’t gain purchase while Erik’s Mana bullet left a black mark on the creature’s body.
All of them continued firing, filling the room with light and noise. The creature tried to run forward, but it lost sections and parts of itself. It tried to throw its fist forward in an attack. Its boulder-like hand flew forward and hit the portcullis, shattering as it had been weakened with the Wood creatures.
It lost its legs and head, crawling forward before it crumbled apart. The Wood-attribute plants and creatures started to wither as they lost their food source.
There was a massive noise from behind them. They all turned to the locked door that Sally hadn’t been able to get through.
“Move around it to the other side so we have a way out!” Erik said.
They skirted around the door as something on the other side was trying to get out.
The door broke down. A large, green-skinned creature with a single eye stepped forward toward them.
The ground broke underneath it, revealing a large pit.
The creature yelled out as it hit different rocks before settling at the bottom.
“Earth-attribute ogre,” Matt said.
“Sounds like a real charmer,” Rugrat said.
“They’ve got tough skin, can take hard hits, good at regeneration. Best to deal with them at range and bind them into place,” Matt quickly spoke.
The ogre had fallen all the way into the pit and was roaring up at them.
“I think we might have solved that problem,” Erik said after a few moments as the ogre didn’t appear again. He moved toward the pit beneath the door and looked down at the ogre there.
“Good thing we didn’t use the door.” Rugrat scanned through the doorway. There was nothing inside as green lights illuminated the space.
The ogre was roaring but it couldn’t get out of the pit.
Erik cast Hallowed Ground in the pit. The ogre continued to roar out as the red mist appeared and flames started to appear on its body.
Instead of increasing the range of the Hallowed Ground, he increased the effects. The damage piled up as the ogre thrashed around and tried to attack them.
It threw some rocks but they were back from the edge.
After some time, its cries ended and the Experience flowed in as a tombstone appeared.
Rugrat pulled out a wooden plank and put it across the pit.
Erik went first, touching the tombstone.
==========
Ogre bones x7
Ogre teeth x4
Tattered ogre leather x3
Mortal-Grade Earth-attribute Monster Core x2
Lesser Mortal-grade monster core
==========
TAKE/TAKE ALL
==========
Erik selected everything but the leather, and the ogre’s body started to dissipate.
He made it to the other side, checking the room. There were two doors on the right side, a few feet apart.
Erik checked them. One needed to be slid up and the other looked as though it could be pushed in.
He gestured to the door that could be pushed in.
The others went over to the door. They all inspected it but they couldn’t find anything wrong with it.
Erik kicked the door. The ceiling started to come apart, with boulders falling down.
Erik turned and jumped, grabbing the other two as boulders rained down on them.
They hit the ground as boulders kept falling.
“Talk to me!” Erik got up. He was battered but not in bad shape. He turned to face the doorway that they had been about to go through.
Rugrat groaned but got up. “I’ve got the door. Check on Matt.” Rugrat pulled out his shotgun and moved towards the door.
He went through the doorway as Erik watched, ready to assist if he needed.
“Clear!” Rugrat yelled out.
Erik turned to find Matt had been knocked out cold.
Erik cast Minor Heal Wounds as he checked him over. Blood came from the side of his neck, where a sharp boulder had caught him.
“Fuck. Spine’s smashed, head’s not good.” Erik poured Focused Heal into Matt’s head. He had a nasty brain bruise and what looked like the start of a brain bleed.
Rugrat walked over from the doorway he’d gone through, stepping over the boulders and holding his shoulder. “I’m good, look after him.” Rugrat groaned as he held his shoulder but otherwise was okay.
Erik pulled out healing powder and poured it on Matt’s cuts. As his healing fought to keep down the swelling, he felt the Mana draining out of him. Erik had to use Mana Regeneration potions as he worked to make sure he wouldn’t run out.
“Come on, you motherfucker!” Erik yelled. The brain injury was taking much longer to heal. Because of that, a brain bleed had started and the pressure on the brain was mounting.
“Rugrat, I’m going to need you to relieve pressure on Matt’s brain.”
“What?” Rugrat looked at Erik and then Matt.
“Just get ready!” Erik yelled.
“Fucking shit.” Rugrat continued to heal himself as he created a Mana blade in his hand, changing it to look like a scalpel and then started clearing an area on the ground.
Erik really didn’t want to do surgery on Matt’s brain. There was no knowing if they did that he would be the same person, even if they healed everything back to the way it was. It wasn’t an experiment Erik wanted to carry out.
Rugrat bent down to help, using his Focused Heal as well.
The two spells halted the progression of the swelling and the bleeding, containing it and stopping it. Then the damage started to reverse. It was a slow process, with Erik and Rugrat having to down Mana Regeneration powders to deal with the strain.
Finally, Matt started to groan as he came back around.
Minutes went by before Erik and Rugrat finished.
Matt was blinking rapidly, as if he couldn’t take in the light of the room.
“Guys, I can’t move my arms,” Matt said, starting to panic.
Erik knew about the break in his spine but it hadn’t been life threatening so he hadn’t focused on it.
He used Heal Bone to recover the vertebrae and then Focused Heal on the nerves.
Matt’s hand shot up as he could move it again suddenly. “Holy crap,” Matt said, his breathing rushed.
“Only a little broken spine, not much when you’ve got healing spells,” Erik said. I wish I could’ve been able to use this on my friends back home who landed badly parachuting or were hit by an IED.
“Be in working condition in no time,” Rugrat assured him and looked up to Erik. “I’m using a pole to open every other door from now on.”
“Agreed. Or a placed charge.” Erik used a healing spell on himself as he looked at the swamp mud-covered, dented, and scratched armor.
“We’ll head into that room behind the portcullis in fifteen,” Erik announced.
Rugrat checked his gear. Matt was shaky but he started reloading his crossbows, focusing on that instead of his near-death experience.
Erik, Rugrat, and Matt went over the pit and to the portcullis room that they had killed the shambling boulder creature in.
Erik and Rugrat forced the gate open. Matt rushed through, the other two following as the portcullis dropped with a bang.
The room was empty except for the body of the creature and its tombstone.
Matt looted it and checked its contents. “Earth, Wood Variant cores, one apiece, and a lesser Mortal core. Also has glittering dust, can be used as an enhancer. It’s a good catalyst for Mana.”
“Door,” Rugrat said. There was a rock door set into the wall. One had to be standing at just the right angle to see it.
Erik moved closer and looked it over for traps. “I don’t see anything.”
“Me either,” Rugrat said.
“Something looks odd about it,” Matt said hesitantly.
“Let’s try to open it with a piece of wood,” Rugrat said.
Erik used a length of wood, pushing on the door. It was, thankfully, unlocked.
“Stop!” Matt called out.
“What?” Rugrat asked.
“Arrow holes—it’s got an arrow trap,” Matt said.
Erik looked closer at what Matt pointed at. “So it does.” Erik put the length of wood away.
“Hammer time.” Rugrat pulled out a hammer and gave it to Erik.
Matt and Rugrat moved to the left side of the door, Erik on the right.
Rugrat nodded to Erik and he heaved the hammer. It smashed into the door, pushing it back. Erik took two more swings before the door opened all the way.
One could only hear the sound of rushing air as hundreds of arrows shot through the doorway, burying themselves in the room’s pillars.
“Shit.” Erik looked through the door after the arrows stopped. There was an arrow wall and a corridor beside it. Erik went first and moved past the arrow wall into the corridor.
“Good call, Matt.” Rugrat followed Erik in.
They went through the corridor and found a room cut off with another portcullis.
Erik opened it and the others went in.
There was a small room attached through an archway and a door leading out of the room.
Finding nothing, they looked at the door in front of them.
Erik once again stood to the side and smashed it open. They all entered the room. It looked to be a hall of some kind with trees holding up the high ceiling. They entered at the top of it, looking across at another door and down at two more doors entering the hall.
A scream came from above as a creature dropped from the ceiling through a hole and landed on the ground.
It was made of green vines and black mud. It looked vaguely humanoid without a head and had stick-like hands and feet made from black wood that had been sharpened into vicious claws.
It didn’t even move before it was getting hit with crossbow bolts, heavy rounds, and Mana bolts.
“Fuck you!” Rugrat yelled as they fired on the creature.
A black aura appeared around it.
Black vapor seemed to grow from the floor, covering the trees, and leaving an oil like substance.
A tree branch suddenly freed itself from the wall, whipping out and slammed into Rugrat, sending him flying before he had time to react.
He got his feet under him and came up shooting.
The creature that hadn’t been able to get up off the ground collapsed, the circle around it fading away. It was like a void as Earth-attribute Mana surged to replace the Wood Mana, leaving the creature and its tombstone behind.
Matt went and grabbed it.
“Swamp ghoul, Wood variant core, two greater Mortal-grade monster cores. Shrieking wood, four of them, and Refined Dervin Swamp mud?”
“Sounds alchemical.” Erik shrugged.
“Hardened wood buckler, Journeyman. Worn breastplate, damaged, but again Journeyman workmanship. Elvish work dagger, medium Journeyman work—that’s a collector’s item. Worth a good amount of gold.”
“Well, hopefully be enough for the liters of beer I need after being in this place,” Rugrat said.
Matt took it into his storage ring, the creature dissipating.
“Use your Dungeon Sense. Let’s see if we can find out where this dungeon core is,” Erik said.
Rugrat used his Dungeon Sense as the marker on their map reduced in size. It was east and a bit north of where they were and the doors in the hall only went north or south.
“Is that some kind of compass thing?” Matt asked.
“Something like that Rugrat said.
“Let’s take that door then.” Erik gestured to the door straight ahead of them and closest to where the dungeon core was supposed to be.
They repeated their actions from before, smashing the door down with a sledgehammer.
Erik looked to the other side. There was a dark area right on the other side of the door. Erik stepped forward and tumbled down a shaft.
He covered his head as he slammed against rocks and then came sliding out of a chute, hitting a statue.
He recovered as he heard wind. He jumped to the side. A glob of dirt hardened into stone in an instant as he heard another rush of air. He threw out light stones to illuminate the dark room, showing a room of different broken statues and two toad-looking creatures spitting out dirt from their mouths.
One’s tongue shot out and smashed into the statue near Erik, covering him in dust.
Erik fired Mana bolts at them and dove for cover.
The creature let out a pained yell. The other used its tongue, hitting Erik’s leg.
Erik gritted his teeth as the toad pulled his leg toward him. Erik rolled to the side, missing the other toad’s tongue as it slammed down where he had been.
Erik tried to fire on the toad dragging him but was thrown up into the air and slammed back down on the ground. The air went out of his lungs as the light zoomed in and out with his heart beats filling his ears.
He tossed a grenade between the toads.
One jumped away while the one holding Erik looked at it.
It went off, tearing it apart.
Bits of toad and ground filled the room, the dust making it hard to see.
The other toad started to vibrate, shaking the very floor, making it hard to stand.
A statue fell toward Erik. He grabbed it and jumped, unaffected by the shaking ground. The toad looked up at him in confusion as Erik brought the statue over his head as if he were doing the high striker at a carnival. The statue caved in the toad’s head and the room stopped shaking as two tombstones floated in the room.
Erik stumbled backward, covered in the mud-like substance the frogs were made of, flicking some of it off his helmet.
His sound transmission device was going crazy. Erik answered it, not listening to the chaotic incoming messages. “I’m good. Found some room. I have no idea what this place is,” Erik said.
“This is the Temple of Earth’s Divinity. I do not wish you harm, traveler,” a talking statue said. “Information updated. Identity: Dungeon Master. This is a naturally occurring dungeon looking to alter the surrounding area into an Earth-attribute area.”
“Why is it changing it to an Earth-attribute area?”
“The dungeon core rested at a position underneath the silver-peak tree. The dungeon core is purifying the Mana in this area but the tree is absorbing this Mana, exuding a heavy Earth-attribute Mana, creating more sections of this dungeon and new creatures to populate the area.”
“And the local residents are fighting back against the creatures coming from the dungeon?”
“Correct.”
“Where is the dungeon core?”
“It is located in the central room. If you make a right out of this room and then come to the entrance of the temple, you take a left, go through two rooms, and then it will be on your right side.”
“Why are you telling me this?”
“It is my purpose,” the statue replied.
Erik pulled up his sound transmission device and talked to Rugrat and Matt, telling them what the statue told him.
He moved to the toads and checked the tombstones.
==========
Gold pieces x2
Amethyst
