
*****************************************************
*****************************************************
Your ebook has decrypted.
The TXT file just save 20% of ebook content.
Please register the software, then get all contents and the valid ebook format.
*****************************************************
*****************************************************


    The Fifth Realm
Ten Realms Book 5
By: Michael Chatfield
Chapter: Alva’s Military
“We owe you an apology,” Erik started.
Glosil looked between him and Rugrat, not sure how to react.
“We upset the chain of command during the defense of Vuzgal. We gave you the position as the leader of the Alva military because we trusted your judgement. We micromanaged the fighting and we shouldn’t have. We have only been trained to lead small sections and squads. It is why the rank system and the units are broken.”
Rugrat cleared his throat. “So, we are going to take a step back. We want you to take complete control of the military. We will be there to assist and in times of war we may give you commands, but on the battlefield you will command us.”
“We have our strengths and our weaknesses; our strength is the information that we brought over from Earth. Your strength is how you can work with the military, bring them together into a cohesive unit and see the whole picture. While we were worrying about the front lines, you were the one organizing trains to take resources to the rear and bringing up new ammunition. You took the ideas from Rugrat and modified them, creating a total defense. You turned objectives into reality and we’ll need you to do that again.” Erik looked at Glosil, who felt emotional.
He had refrained from saying anything, but it had felt as if he had turned more into their secretary than the leader of the military.
“So, grab a seat. First thing we need to do is work together to organize just what the military is going to look like. We’re going to need to expand in order to cover both Alva and Vuzgal’s defensive needs. And we need to do it before someone looks to attack us.” Erik pulled out a piece of paper and put it on the table.
“Someone would be willing to piss off the large associations to take Vuzgal?” Glosil asked in a serious voice.
“It is possible, if the associations aren’t attacked directly; they have agreed to help out in some ways, but they can probably find a loophole to cover their asses,” Rugrat said.
“They are powerful people. We need to have backing in order to talk to them on the same level.” Glosil nodded and took the piece of paper. “This is your plan for units?” Glosil reviewed it.
“Correct. Well, our basic idea,” Erik said.
“Do you have any suggestions for leadership?”
“Review how people did in the fight for Vuzgal? Based off that and training scores, select those for higher ranking positions and create a pool of people who can be slotted into leadership later on,” Rugrat asked.
“It’s a good idea, but it doesn’t make up for the lack of time as a leader,” Glosil said, testing his boundaries a little.
“Maybe make a school that looks to train them in their new roles?” Erik asked.
“Who would run it, though?” Rugrat asked.
“Blaze?” Glosil interjected before continuing. “He led a unit of over three hundred people. He isn’t part of the military anymore, but if he was able to pass on what he knew to others? He might have a better idea of how to train up leaders as well.”
“Sounds like a good idea,” Erik agreed.
Glosil felt relieved as he looked at the plans again. “We have engineer squads in these plans. Will they be recruited from the crafting school or through the military?”
“What do you think?” Erik asked.
Glosil held his chin, his brows pressed together for a few seconds before he started talking aloud as he worked through his own thoughts.
“If we were to get them from the school, then we would be able to get a lot of people who could make the necessary items. Though, if we need them in close combat, breaking down the walls and not supporting from the rear, we will need to train them up still. I don’t think that it would be fair for us to help out people who haven’t gone through any training—what if they fail out? If we send people from the military to earn an education, well, they get it for free and with their training, they can easily adapt what they’ve learned into lessons and effective tools to enhance our combat strength. Look at Alchemy and explosives. Han Wu didn’t know anything about them but now he has gone and got an education in Alchemy and has taught others how to make explosives, ammunition and more, enhancing our current fighting ability.”
Glosil was looking at just one aspect but he couldn’t help but feel excited. He had a road map with their plan, but he needed to bring it to life and turn it into reality.
“What if they want to leave after all of their education and training?” Erik asked.
“That is their decision. The military is not for everyone. If we force them to stay, then it will not help the unit they’re in—it will only harm it.” Glosil looked to the two men, trying to discover their thoughts.
“Couldn’t have said it better myself,” Rugrat said. “Though we’ll still support them. Even if they’re not in the military, they’re still our brothers and sisters.”
“Another area we need to focus on, something that was highlighted in Vuzgal, is supply,” Erik said.
Glosil and Rugrat nodded with grim expressions.
“We were having to limit how much we were firing as we kept on running out of mortars. As it is, we have kind of separated out military crafting from the rest of Alva but it is limited.”
“I believe we will need to create a rear support team to supply Alva soldiers with gear, upgrades, and consumables,” Glosil said.
“Veterans could assist, and we could hire civilians. If they’re not in combat roles, we don’t need to waste a soldier on it,” Erik reminded them.
Glosil nodded. Having to use the special teams to move the carts of supplies back and forth irked him.
“I think we should also revise what the military’s role is. We have the police to deal with civilian-related issues. Does the military watch the gates and the totem? Are they patrolling, or are they only fighting and training? If we can make clearer lines of what they should or should not be doing, it can allow them to focus on their tasks.”
Erik and Rugrat both grinned as they looked at Glosil.
“Did I say something wrong?”
“Nope, instead you said everything right. Okay, so what will the overall structure of the military be?” Erik asked.
“I’ve been thinking on that a bit,” Rugrat said, the other two waited for him to continue. “The forces stationed in Vuzgal, should be called the Vuzgal Defense Force, the VDF for short. Broken into the training legions and the operational units. Any of the forces that are in Alva will be the Alvan Defense Force, or ADF, again broken into training and those operational. This serves two purposes; it makes the different areas have their own assigned forces and command structure. If we are cut off from one another we will be able to operate on our own. The VDF will focus on Defense, their operational units scouting the area around Vuzgal, supporting the police and keeping Vuzgal safe. The Alvan Defense force is to defend Alva, yes, but they are also the active branch of the military. Say that there is an external threat then the Alva force will be able to deploy immediately to actively engage the threat. A quick reacting force that is ready to be activated at any given time. This gives us a greater flexibility, we will no longer have to defend passively, we can defend and strike at the same time,” Rugrat said.
“Not just sitting back anymore, but able to reach out with our own strength, I like it,” Glosil said.
“Better than anything I thought of,” Erik admitted.
***
Yui and Domonos were waiting in the briefing room with Niemm and Roska when Glosil entered the room. They snapped up to attention as Roska pulled off a salute at the highest ranked and most senior officer in the room.
Glosil returned the salute. “As you were.” He stepped to the front and looked at the other officers; they were the core leadership of the entire Alva military.
“Okay, so today we are deciding the future of the Alva military.” He pulled out a piece of chalk and moved to the board.
“There will be front line forces, defensive forces, and rear supporting forces. The front line and defensive forces will be trained military, while the rear supporting forces will be mostly crafters with military oversight. The rear supporting forces will be there to supply us with weapons, food, ammunition, all of the supplies that we need to fight and the gear that is issued to us. It will also be their role to create innovative upgrades to all of our gear. There will be departments for: clothing, armor, weapons, ammunition—including explosives—food, medical supplies, mounted support, and miscellaneous. Miscellaneous is anything that isn’t involved in those other departments—cover our asses.” Glosil raised his eyebrows as he saw the others grin.
He smiled to himself and moved to the board and raised the chalk.
“Our forces will be reorganized in the following manner! A fire team will be created from four privates and one corporal, for a total of five people. A rifle squad will have three fire teams led by a sergeant. Three rifle squads and one scout squad, a squad that has undergone the sharpshooter and scout course, will form a rifle platoon, commanded by a second lieutenant, who will have a platoon sergeant as his second-in-command and a supporting staff sergeant. A rifle platoon will have a total of sixty-seven people.”
Glosil circled the different units and the growing diagram on the board. “Following?”
There was a general nodding of heads as Glosil wrote down two names, and tapped on them once he was done. “Then there is the artillery platoon and the support platoon.
“The artillery platoons will have two mortar squads—same strength as a rifle squad again—two mage squads and one close protection or supply squad. They will be led by two staff sergeants and a second lieutenant, for a total of eighty-two members.
“Support platoons will have two medic squads, two engineer squads, and one close protection squad, with again a second lieutenant and two staff sergeants leading, again with eighty-two members.
“A combat company will be led by a captain, with a first lieutenant and a senior staff sergeant acting as his second-in-command. There will be three rifle platoons, one artillery, and one support platoon to a company.
“That is three hundred and sixty-eight people.”
Glosil turned to the officers and tapped on the board with his chalk. “This will be the basis of the Alva military. One will serve in the rifle platoon, then be trained to become scouts, then moved into the artillery platoon to study as a mortar gunner or a destructive mage. Once they have served their time there, on to the support, where they will become corporals and have to complete training to become full-fledged medics, then engineers. Once they have completed their time there, they will be trained with the close protection details to utilize all of their skills. Once they complete a year, then they will hold the rank of sergeant or they will train to become officers through the officer school. Then, a year afterward, they can choose to apply to the special teams.”
“Damn,” Yui said. The word filled the silence.
“They’re going to be some highly trained soldiers,” Roska said. “What are we going to do to start? How do we fill the ranks up?”
“Well, we’re going to start by forming the support elements, then we build up our first rifle platoon according to this plan. For the other positions, well, that’s what we’re here for.” Glosil put the chalk down and looked at them. “Ideas?”
“So, we need to figure out a training routine to take people from being soldiers all the way to members of the special teams?” Domonos asked.
“I thought I was the slow one,” Yui chided.
Domonos rolled his eyes at his brother, easing the tension in the air.
“Well, the training routine that Rugrat put forward for the scouts is easy to implement, an eight-week intensive course. We can pull the best performers to create a training staff,” Niemm said.
“We’ll need to rotate them every so often. How does training fit into this?” Yui asked.
“Asked as if you know you’re going to be teaching the support course,” Glosil said with a smile.
Yui shrugged.
“There are three overall branches. The fighting forces will be the ones operating in the field, or they will be doing light training. Brush up on their skills. To begin, there will be a platoon always active. Later there might be a company, or even more than one. Anyway, the forces will be only active as front line forces for three months of the year. They will spend three months as defensive forces, and another six on training. Active defensive is patrolling, checking the walls, and reacting to us getting attacked. Training is working in Vuzgal, in the field, and in Alva to increase their qualifications and progress.”
“So we’ll need a minimum of four platoons to make that happen. What about the people of Vuzgal? Are we just going to make them people of Alva as soon as they join?” Roska asked.
“They will need to complete initial training before they become a scout. When they become a scout, they will have to make an oath binding them to Alva. The scout training will be held outside of Alva.”
“So for training, I guess I’ll have to pull out the best people from my platoon to train others. What about mages? And what do engineers do?”
“The mages…” Glosil held an open hand at Roska, who groaned and sat back in her chair, making him smile.
“We just doing normal mages, or mages using formations?” she asked.
“Both, preferably. Might be best to have two different courses?” Glosil raised his voice and looked at them all. “I’m just giving an overview. For the courses, and training, we’re going to have to work on it as we go along.”
“I’ll need to talk to some of the mages and formation masters from the academy and Egbert’s Librarians.” Roska said.
“Done, all the resources of Alva are at our disposal,” Glosil said.
“What about medics?” Yui asked. The Medics position in the army was undeniable, they could save people’s lives and get them fighting again. Glosil planned to grow their numbers rapidly.
“Medics will be an interesting course. People will go to Vermire or Vuzgal for the practical portion, with the theoretical part being taught in either Alva or Vuzgal’s academies. In combat, the healers will be dispersed in small groups to work under the officers and help out the wounded. Same with the engineers. They are there to make a path for us, or defenses. When the army is at rest, they’ll repair equipment. They will be attending the academies to learn about formations, weapons, armor, magics, and spells to remove obstacles or create them. They will be our resident crafters on the move. The CPDs, or close protection details, will be trained by the special teams. Niemm, you’ll be heading this up. Advanced training in fighting techniques, magical or physical, and supplemental training in all other areas. They need to be ready to take on any role at any moment. Think of them as a reserve force for the special teams.”
Glosil saw Niemm nod as he turned his attention to the others.
“Sounds like we will have our work cut out for us,” Domonos said.
“We’re going to need to pull in more people through Vuzgal if we want to reach company strength anytime soon. Though, if it takes a year for us to clear them for more advanced training, it’s going to be tougher,” Roska said.
“We could hire more people through Vermire. Look for just people willing to fight and with a family. I don’t want to sound like an ass, but things are really good in Alva, and if they know they’re fighting for their families, it will be better,” Domonos said.
“Where do the skeletons fit in all of this?” Niemm asked.
“The skeletons will form special platoons, bolster the defensive company’s strength,” Glosil said.
“Are we doing anything to assist new recruits with cultivation?” Yui asked.
“Yes and no. We will get them up to a certain level in basic training to be a soldier. To increase their power past that point, that will be on them. We will increase their cultivation further for everyone who reaches CPD level, but we will take the cost from their wages,” Glosil said.
“Do we have a timeline?” Niemm asked.
“I want to have a company set up sooner rather than later. Though I can accept that we will have rifle companies instead of combat companies for the first year. The sooner we start, the better. In a few months, I want to be able to pull our Alva forces away from training and focus on clearing the lower floors of Alva Dungeon. That will give our people more room to use and should make Body Cultivation easier. The sooner we clear it out, the sooner we can start getting benefits from it.”
***
Glosil looked up as Yui and Domonos filed into the room, followed by Roska.
“Niemm is making sure that Erik and Rugrat don’t get into trouble.” Roska smiled.
Glosil snorted lightly and waved for them to grab a seat. All of them looked tired. “How are things going?”
“Training up the regular troops isn’t that bad. We have about a fifty percent fallout rate. There are a lot of people who think because they have high levels that they’re going to be given the position. A lot of the nobles and the richer merchant family members who are using this to get position within Vuzgal have left. For the recruits from Alva, there is only ten percent that are falling out,” Domonos said.
“How is the training, itself, going?”
“We’re halfway through the three-month basic course and they’re starting to shape up. The people from the other realms haven’t fought much, so they’re pretty green. People from the Fourth Realm have an advantage. Those who stay in are more attentive and absorb everything that might increase their chances of surviving and killing the enemy.”
“From your messages, you think that we will be able to have a rifle company in another six weeks?”
“I think so.” Domonos sighed. “We’re training a lot of people at the same time. I think—I think that we should look again at pulling in the people of Vermire to our military.”
“Oh?” Glosil held his chin.
Yui seemed to know what Domonos was going to say and Roska raised an eyebrow.
“We’ve got a lot of new people. We have just over one hundred people in the military right now. A combat company will hold three, nearly four hundred. We will have a third of the spots—okay, so that is ninety-eight leadership positions by my math: corporals, sergeants, officers, and so on. That is our entire strength as the leadership. Not everyone is suited for leadership positions. We won’t have eyes and ears in the lower ranks. Sure, we’ll have some new Alvans, but not many. From what I have picked up, it is kind of an open secret with the forces in Vermire that Lord Aditya answers to someone else. We can use Vermire as a place to train people up, then draw them into the military, like we have with the Adventurer’s Guild. They have fighting experience, they are loyal, and they have been tested before they even enter the military.”
“Hmm.” He has a fair point. Vermire is practically ours. Though they have their own operations they’re carrying out. We can support and train them before they fight, and it can increase their chances of carrying out their operations.
“Have you heard of the developments in Vermire?”
The others shook their heads in the negative except for Roska.
“Vermire is working with the other trading outposts around the Beast Mountain Range to set up a location in the middle of it. This would serve to consolidate their strength and create routes throughout the area. It would then become a hub of people trying to increase their strength, buying and selling supplies that are hard to find in the First Realm. It would also serve to make Vermire the overlord in the area. The alliance with the others will pave the way to dissolve the other outposts and take command of them. It will be a slow progression, but with our backing it won’t be impossible,” Roska said.
“With control over the outposts, it will be easier for us to know all of the activities of the different nations around the Beast Mountain Range. This will help to keep Alva secure and give access to more people who are willing to join Alva. We might have made it into the Fourth Realm and established our strength here, but we can’t forget our roots. If Vuzgal falls, Alva must not ever.”
Glosil looked into their eyes and saw unwavering loyalty. These were people who would die for their duty. Death was cheap in the Ten Realms, but they would use theirs to fight for the honor of Alva till the bitter end.
Chapter: Mobilizing Alva
Elise took off her scarf. Fine dust fell from it as she shook her hair. Even with the scarf, it hadn’t been able to block out all of the sand.
Ismail waited until she was done, then bowed.
“How are we looking, Ismail?” She waved for him to return to standing.
“The mine’s output has increased by thirty percent with the new technologies you’ve implemented. The workers are also much happier with the health and safety. It has cost a little more but the miners are working harder than ever. Though there has been a problem with the jewelers and smiths.” Ismail indicated for her to take a seat in front of a pot of sweet tea he had prepared.
“Other trading houses have been poaching them?” She moved to the couch.
“Yes, Master.” Ismail bowed. “This one has been inept in his job. I accept any punishment you give me!”
“Did you collect the repatriation money?” Elise waved away his words as she sat down.
Ismail quickly served her sweet tea as he talked. “I did.”
“Good. We can use that to entice more Novice jewelers and smiths,” Elise said as he finished pouring the tea.
“Are you not angry?” Ismail asked, shocked as he poured his own glass.
“Annoyed, yes. Angry, no. If anything, those other traders have done us a favor, clearing out the muck that weren’t loyal and interested in only benefits. If people wish to poach from us and our people want to leave, let them. I only want people loyal to our company.” Elise took the teacup from the table and held it up.
Ismail quickly grabbed his own cup and raised it. “But if we only have Novices, how will we be able to refine the ores, separate out the jewels, and make jewelry?”
Elise smiled mysteriously over her tea. “Well, I have a solution to that.” She touched her tea to his before taking a sip. He mirrored her actions as she turned her head to the side.
“Come in!”
The door opened and two women walked in. One was covered in muscle, her entire body toned. She wore rough clothes that were stained black from working in hot or smoky conditions while the other wore a fine dress that had intricate designs sewn into it with rare metal threads and jewels.
“Ismail, this is Reina and Brenda. Brenda is a low Journeyman smith and Reina is a high level Apprentice formation master, but she enjoys working with jewelry instead of runes and formations,” Elise said.
Ismail’s hands quivered as he looked at these two women who were studying him. What is Master Elise’s background to be able to invite such powerful people to this backward mine?
“They will be paid directly by you, and they will be able to buy materials at a ten percent discount for their own projects. They will teach our jewelers and smiths. I hope that in the future we are not just making a few trinkets, but are able to make weapons and armor as well as jewelry pieces that can attract the people of the Second Realm over,” Elise said.
Her words were simple, as if it were only natural that what she said would come to fruition.
Indeed, with these Experts, raising our own people is easy. We can use the funds from those who are poached to increase our ability to hire more miners, more people who want to be jewelers and smiths. Those who remain and bind themselves to our Red Permission Trading Company will be able to become much more than just apprentices. They might even become Journeyman-level crafters!
Ismail bowed deeper than before. Now he understood why she had not gone into a rage. Indeed, it was better to have people who were loyal to the trading house instead of tying those who didn’t want to be there to their business.
“This one was blind.” Ismail bowed to her deeply.
“Don’t worry. There will be many more things that you can see in the future if you stay with the trading company,” Elise said with that same smile filled with hidden meanings.
She finished off her tea and stood. “Look after them. And you two, don’t raise too much trouble,” she said, warning the duo.
They nodded with smiles.
A light appeared on Elise’s wrist. She looked down at her communication device and listened for a few seconds. Her expression turned serious.
“I have another meeting I have to attend.” She nodded to them all in the room and pulled her scarf back on.
***
Blaze looked at the men and women sitting in the room. They lounged over the desks or the chairs; the whole room looked more like a bar than a classroom.
All of them wore different armors and weapons that suited their fighting styles. There were ranged, melee, and stealth types mixed in with the mages and beast tamers.
They all had different fighting styles but each was a powerful fighter in their own right.
Blaze took a deep breath and opened the door into the classroom. The talking and discussion went silent as people saw Blaze.
“Guild leader!” a few yelled, getting to their feet. They were all members of the Adventurer’s Guild and everyone knew Blaze’s appearance. He had trained many of them and he could be seen all around the headquarters. Even if they came from the branch guilds and hadn’t encountered him directly, they now eyed him in interest, remembering the stories they had heard about the guildmaster.
“Please sit.” Blaze stepped in front of the room.
People moved to their seats quickly.
They come from all kinds of backgrounds across the realms, but they were all recommended to join Alva. The guilds and different groups created by Alva were all built to not only increase our influence but bring more people back to Alva and bring in fresh blood.
Everyone settled down as he cleared his throat.
“You have all been picked for special training. I cannot tell you the specifics of this training but it could very well change your lives and open up paths for your future that you might have thought closed. But you will need to swear an oath binding you from telling anyone else about your experiences. In fact, you will need to give an oath after this even if you choose not to join this special training. It will not be life-threatening but it pertains to some of the deepest secrets of the guild,” Blaze said.
His words shocked everyone in the room. Some looked apprehensive but the majority leaned forward, looks of excitement on their faces at the new challenge that lay in front of them.
“You were picked for your perseverance, your determination, and your loyalty. That is all that I can ask of you. Loyalty to your oaths, determination to push forward no matter the obstacles, and the perseverance to continue on the path that you take.” Blaze watched them all swell with pride as he let everything sink in. “Now, I ask, which of you would like to be part of this secret training?”
A mage stood up at the front, quickly followed by others. Soon, no one was sitting. All of them had accepted. They had different expressions on their faces but they chose to take a leap of faith with their future.
Sixty-three new Alva Dungeon members. Blaze couldn’t help but smile as he raised his hand.
“Now, please repeat this oath after me.”
Chapter: Across the Realms
The atmosphere inside the briefing room was relaxed as Erik, Glosil, Rugrat, Egbert, Niemm, Roska, and Domonos studied the map that was in the middle of the table. It was a map of the second floor, the Metal floor.
“From the information that I was able to gather with the activated formations, the creatures in the second floor have been whittled down greatly with our use of the battlefield dungeon, though with their lower numbers, it seems that the boss of the level has been able to remove his challengers and control the floor completely,” Egbert said.
“The boss is the Metal-attribute beaver that lives on top of the mountain, right?” Niemm asked.
“That is correct. There is a lake of lightning that has been created at the top of the mountain, in a sort of basin. It lives there, using the power of the floor and the lightning to increase its strength. Not even the battlefield dungeon would be able to pull it in for us to fight it,” Egbert said.
Everyone’s expression was solemn.
“How many of the levels have we cleared out by challenging the battlefield dungeon?” Rugrat asked and then turned to Erik and Glosil. “And do we know what will happen if we take over a level?”
“We can still only control a small percentage of the formations on the Metal floor, so we can only make educated guesses at this point. I would say about forty percent of the floor beasts have been killed so far,” Glosil said.
“Only forty?” Niemm said.
“When in the battlefield dungeon, there are also beasts from the other floors included. Forty percent is much higher than I thought we would achieve at this point,” Egbert said honestly as the others fell silent.
There are still four more floors after the Metal floor. Glosil cleared his throat.
“Look, I’ll be perfectly blunt with you all. Taking the Metal floor is not just about taking the floor. It is about completing a promise that we made to the Alvan people. Many of them aren’t able to go to Vuzgal to see what we did there. We promised to protect them and to make their home safe. If we can take the Metal floor, we show them directly the strength we’ve gained; they can see why we increased the military’s strength,” Erik said.
“I suggest that we continue to have Yui’s platoon working in Vuzgal to deal with training there. When not training to clear the lower floors, Domonos, your platoon will be training those wishing to join the military from Alva and assisting in creating the training program for the medic, engineer, and mage squads. Niemm and Roska will assist and work on creating the training regime for the close protection details.
“Niemm, your special team will be split into two to protect Erik and Rugrat.”
Erik and Rugrat started to make noise but waited for Glosil to explain himself.
“You are the heads of Alva and Vuzgal. You are personally strong, yes, but are you strong enough to take on people who are level sixty? We have had to fight those people before. Now that you are bigger targets than ever, you need protection. When moving between cities, one of the special teams will be with you at all times.”
Erik and Rugrat stopped what they were going to say and agreed reluctantly.
“Good. Now, for the Metal floor, what we need to do is first we need to go and establish a beachhead. There needs to be a position that allows us to bring in supplies and reinforcements. It will also provide an escape route, if necessary. We need to train going through that teleport pad. Then we create a camp on the other side. With that camp, we can organize combat operations that will advance into the floor. We will go from objective to objective, capturing command formations. Unless there is a change in situation and we can find a way to speed up the process without taking unnecessary casualties. Once we have the command formations repaired, we will use them to exert control over the floor, and move to the main formation that controls the entire floor.
“Once we secure that, we have the floor. We have ideas of the strength on the floor as we have heard from Egbert but otherwise, we are going in there blind, so we’re going to drill again and again until everyone can do this in their sleep.” Glosil looked around the room.
“Won’t be fun trying to sell that to the troops,” Domonos said.
“Well, blame it on me then, but get them to do it,” Glosil said. “Now, before I go over the plan, does anyone have any questions?” Glosil scanned the room.
“Okay, well then, let’s figure out how we’re going to take this floor back and show the people of Alva just how strong their military is,” Glosil said.
***
Elan Silaz was covered in sweat as he jumped to the side, just avoiding a tentacle that had shot past him. A boxing octopus? Of all the creatures, an octopus that uses melee attacks?
The danger his mind alerted him to was stronger than the ridiculousness of the situation he found himself in as an octopus bobbed its large head out of the way. Yuli’s ice spears missed as it lashed out with a hidden tentacle and struck at Tian Cui, who had to use a spell combined with a special technique to avoid the attack.
Setsuko fired her heavy repeater while running. A tentacle covered in mana was thrown backward, unable to escape the arrows that seemed to predict its actions.
Storbon dodged under one attack. He let out a yell and his body glowed with a golden energy. As Storbon threw his spear, a golden spear superimposed itself upon Storbon’s spear, the two becoming one as a golden energy danced around it. A tentacle rose to block it but the spear’s speed had increased too fast for the boxing octopus to stop it.
The spear hit the octopus. It staggered and Yuli took the opportunity, casting a control spell to restrain the injured octopus. Setsuko and Yawen, who had been looking for a weakness, pounced; their repeaters glowed as they buffed the weapons and their projectiles.
Tian Cui slashed a nearby tentacle. Red curses spread from her blade into the octopus as everyone piled on their attacks.
The octopus didn’t have time to react as the attacks landed, claiming its life as it fell into the water. A tombstone appeared above it.
Elan was still crouched, looking at it all in shock.
Instead of celebrating, they all checked their weapons and armor, reloading what they had as Storbon retrieved his spear and inspected it.
Elan got up, looking at them all. Monsters, monsters in human skin! How did they train to be able to work so flawlessly together?
“Mister Silaz, did your level increase?” Storbon asked.
Elan smiled dryly and checked his notifications. “I’m now level thirty-one.”
“Good, that’s two more levels. We should be able to level you up in another two or three beasts now we’re into the high thirty monsters,” Storbon said.
“Why do I feel that you’re not even trying hard?” Elan muttered.
“Well, it would be boring to finish them off so quickly and it’s good for us to train our different skills by handicapping ourselves,” Tian Cui said.
Elan nearly jumped out of his skin. He didn’t realize she was so close.
“Really?” Elan had been joking, but as he looked at the sheepish smiles and shrugs from the rest of the group, he could only shake his head.
***
Hiao Xen sat up in bed, holding a light stone in his hand, just letting out a little bit of light so that he could read the report in his hand.
“You work more now than you did with the Blue Lotus,” Nuo Xen, his wife, complained. The light caught her eyes as she looked up at him with a pouting expression on her face.
Hiao Xen stored the light stone away quickly. “I didn’t mean to wake you.”
“Is something worrying you?” She sat up and moved his arm around so she was nestled up against him. She yawned as she closed her eyes.
Hiao Xen smiled happily.
She poked him in the side, making him twitch and focus on her words. “Aren’t all of the sects trying to set up places to recruit crafters from?”
“Yes, though I can’t help but feel uneasy,” Hiao Xen said.
“It will sort itself out,” she said sleepily.
“It looks like that on the outside, but inside it means a lot of work to make sure that nothing goes wrong. Even against the Expert-level crafters, we were able to make it out okay.” Hiao Xen relaxed slightly and then let out a tired laugh.
“Something else wrong?” She opened her eyes to check his expression.
“No, just thinking about it all. We have people buying up land from all across Vuzgal. I took the advice of Erik and have started to auction off land, piece by piece. The prices people are willing to pay is incredible. There are no less than ten Expert-level crafters in the city, hosted by the different associations. The crafting sector is being quickly built up. The first tier-three building has been completed and the other buildings are not far behind. I am not sure where Erik got the blueprints from.
“There are new buildings going up every day. We’ve already sold off all of the materials that we have remaining. The Alchemist Association has taken over running the admittance of people to the different dungeons in order to protect their growing lands.
“The associations have had to rebuild their facilities and it seems that they’re competing with how big they can make them. The Sky Reaching Restaurants have all been doing a quick business, with the Wayside Inns hosting hundreds, if not thousands, of people who wish to visit the city. Vuzgal is booming. It—it, well…”
“It feels like something will go catastrophically wrong? It feels like if you let go of the reins even a bit, then it could all come crashing down?” Nuo Xen asked.
Hiao Xen let out a laugh and kissed her head as she’d been able to put his worries into words in just seconds. “Since when were you able to read minds?”
“Since I married you,” she said with a happy smile. “Don’t worry. You have built everything up to this point. Now it is time to see if it truly works. Erik and Rugrat placed their trust in you. They wouldn’t leave you in the city alone if they didn’t.”
“It would be easier if I knew where they were,” Hiao Xen said dryly.
“Everyone has their secrets, but they trust you for this position, the leader of Vuzgal. Now even the elders of the Blue Lotus in the Fourth Realm have to treat you with respect,” she said.
Hiao Xen nodded.
“Now, go to sleep. Otherwise, you won’t be able to do anything tomorrow!”
Chapter: Rise of the Rifle Platoons
Yui looked out over the balcony over the training square below, seeing men and women wearing simple gray clothes jogging from one class to another. There was a corporal and a sergeant with each group looking over them. Making sure that they didn’t mess up.
Even as they marched, they were learning, changing their movements so that they moved in time with the person ahead of them. If they didn’t and they stepped on the other person’s boot, then they would both be down on the ground and slow down the group.
“Taking joy in watching others’ pain, sir?” Sergeant Sun Li saluted.
Yui smiled and saluted back. “Well, I hear that it really motivates them if I look over and frown a few times.”
“Ah, yes, the secret art of frowning motivation,” Sun Li said, as if his outlook on the world had been changed.
Yui rolled his eyes. “What are you coming and looking for me for?”
“Just wanted to bring you up to date on the latest group to go through scout training,” Sun Li said.
“Walk with me. I have to go to the quartermaster’s to check how things are going with uniforms, armor, and the like,” Yui said.
“Will they have weapons and armor ready for everyone?” Sun Li asked.
Yui activated a formation that would keep anyone from listening to them. “I don’t think on this training rotation. They should have their armor and their basic clothing, but they’ll be using repeaters. Veteran units and scouts are first priority, though I have heard that production has increased, so it shouldn’t be long until we have some more weapons for people.”
“What about grenade launchers and the mortars?”
“Mortar round production is increasing as well. The number of grenade launchers produced is still low. To increase the speed and reliability, for now, until the crafters increase in skill, we will be only making launchers with one changeable formation socket. Though, the people in the formation workshop have been working hard to make different versions that will give us an edge in fighting.” Yui stretched.
“Yeah, those things are badass,” Sun Li said.
Yui looked over.
“Highly effective weapons of awesome explosiveness?” Sun Li raised his shoulders, in question.
“Looks like we might be making a professional military with no professionals in it,” Yui said.
Sun Li just laughed.
“So, what were you saying about the scouts?”
“So the scout section has been broken down and they are training the other vets. Once they have completed training, they will be ranked as corporals, and get that sweet bump in pay. Once we have completed that training, we will focus on the recruits,” Sun Li reported.
“How long until we have all of our people trained and we can train the recruits?”
“Take another week for Second Rifle Squad to become a scout squad. Then two more weeks and First Rifle Squad will finish their scout training as well. Give us all of our people back to train up shiny new recruits,” Sun Li said.
“Okay, I got some information from Erik on the medic squads. They need to attend a weeklong course at the academy, then they will get hands-on experience in Vermire for a month. They will be qualified as medics. He’s looking to set up a hospital here in Vuzgal so we won’t need to send people far to heal others.”
“The engineers, mages, and close protection?”
“Modified training, with assistance from academy teachers. Work in workshops first, get our basics down, then training in the field. Mages, there will be a new training course. Mages will be trained in close quarters combat as well as ranged combat at the barracks by the strongest in the army. Close protection is being organized by the special teams,” Yui said. “Pass it on to the other sergeants so I don’t have to.”
“Leave it with me, sir,” Sun Li promised with a grin.
“We might not be in the operation to clear the Metal floor but our job is no less important. We need to stabilize Vuzgal and grow our military as fast as possible to make sure that no one has plans to attack us from behind.” Yui watched Sun Li closely.
Sun Li stood taller, looking more determined. “Yes, sir.” There wasn’t any hint of playfulness in his eyes.
“We also have to teach everyone how to use mortars in the not-so-distant future, so make sure that Sergeant Hall and his people keep their skills up to date.”
“Will there be a switch up in companies and moving people around with the new people?” Sun Li asked.
“For now we’ll remain in our companies, though if there are positions for advancement then anyone can apply for them. It might come with changing companies. We’re all one military at the end of the day. Which reminds me, make sure that your squad is ready to move at all times. If something happens down below or here, we’ll need your people to react first. I want to have trained soldiers on our walls as soon as damn possible.”
“Agreed, though the first batch of recruits should be finished in five more weeks,” Sun Li said.
“We’ve sped up the program. Should be able to fit into two months—going to have to make it up in the scout program. We have two hundred and twenty-five training here in Vuzgal, with the same amount training down in Alva. We’ll have around five hundred people in our ranks, hopefully more if we don’t have that many dropouts and failures. Dragon Company will have the advantage with people from Alva, so we’re going to have a lot of people changing companies to get the fresh blood in and move people up the rank and training ladder. Captain Glosil has a plan.”
“Five hundred soldiers? Well, damn, we had only a hundred a few weeks ago,” Sun Li said.
“Quality over quantity, though,” Yui repeated.
“Don’t I know it. None of them will be making it past me unless I’d trust them to watch my ass.”
***
Elise looked at the warehouses of Alva. They were secured and locked up. The people working there had all taken restrictive oaths; nearly all of them were from the academy. There were classes going through with their teachers, using this as an opportunity to expand their horizons.
The lower-grade students would separate out the loot, with the higher-level students or graduates getting it afterward to appraise the item, or if they didn’t know what it was, pass it to others for them to figure out what the item was.
“So this is the system that you came up with,” Delilah said as she stood with Elise.
“Yes, but it’s a mess. We have thousands of items and hundreds of people to sort it all out. There’s a lot of items that they have never seen. I’ve got Egbert down here a few times to look at things. He is like a damn book with the amount of items he knows. Somehow he keeps on getting away from me.”
“Like master, like minion?” Delilah asked.
Elise had to shake her head as she let out a half laugh. “Yeah, it might be hard to get him to come down here but Erik and Rugrat have supernatural abilities in avoiding tasks they don’t want to do.”
The two of them sighed, thinking of their overlords.
“So, what are you thinking for these items?”
“I’m thinking that I would like to be a full trader instead of the person just representing them. But then I remember the stipend that I get for this, and know that my trading company is among them, and I don’t want to be lynched by the other traders.”
“In smaller words?”
“We hit one hell of a jackpot. We have cultivation resources, we have jewels from across the realms, there are texts and books that could fill the old library three times over. I have no idea what are in them. Thankfully, that was one thing I was able to pass on to Egbert, who has his librarians looking through them. Did you hear that they’re going to be the teachers for the mage units?”
“The librarians? They haven’t been in combat, or at least much combat,” Delilah said incredulously.
“They might not have been fighting, but with all of their research and the knowledge they have, they’ve been studying magic most days. Most of them are also spell scroll scribes. Makes sense when you think about it.”
“Yeah, but, just kind of hard picturing a warlock librarian, right? Am I wrong?”
“I’m just the lady who ran the only real store in a village.”
“When you put it that way…” Delilah trailed off. “Well, I will leave you to it. Remember that the best aids should be recorded down and saved. Rugrat and Erik have plans for them.”
“I think everyone would have a use for it,” Elise said dryly as they shared a smile and waved good-bye, heading back to their other duties.
***
Glosil stood in his combats with the rest of the group that had come down from Vuzgal or been pulled from their duties in Alva on special orders. Others who were free had also come to see what the citizens of Alva had done.
In a corner of the park, there were some trees and shrubs. Outside, there was a placard with the Alva Army’s emblem. It had been newly created.
It showed the Vuzgal castle with its pillar on top. If one was to look closely and were from Alva, they would notice that the pillar was actually modeled after the dungeon headquarters building. A light reached into the heavens, with two swords crossing in front.
Following the trails, one would first find a stone wall that was polished to a mirror finish. On it were the names of those who had fallen in the defense of Alva Village.
There was another tablet telling the story of Alva, from village to dungeon, and the history of the military.
One could only feel pride listening to what they had done.
Then there was the final tablet. On it there were names, thirteen of them. A picture was carved into the stone.
When someone stood in front of the mural, a formation would detect which name they were looking at and a voice would read off the citation of how they died, what they were doing, which unit they belonged to, and how old they were. At the end, a person would appear: a friend, a fellow member of their unit, a family member. The person who stood on that square would listen to them talk about the deceased. When they stepped away, they would no longer be just a name on a wall.
Glosil coughed and cleared his throat. To him, those names had never been names on a wall; they had been the sergeant who looked after his people. The private who put his shirt on backward when running to line up.
It wasn’t a big ceremony. There were no grand speeches; people just wandered into the garden, slowly, in ones or twos. Many came out with tears in their eyes.
He didn’t miss the looks they turned his way.
Glosil saw all of them standing a bit taller, here for their friends; some of them were the recordings for the ones lost.
People came over and talked to them.
In most armies, they look down on the people, seeing them as weaker because of their lower levels. Even when they’re five times or ten times higher in levels, they respect the people and the people respect them. Not due to their strength, but for their sacrifice.
Glosil turned his head, feeling eyes on him. He looked up to see two men leaving the garden. Is that—?
Glosil caught Erik’s eye and Erik nodded to Glosil. Rugrat, beside him, greeted Glosil the same way as they headed off.
This is about the lost and about Alva. With us there, we don’t want to distract or take away from it. Glosil remembered Erik’s words.
He gritted his teeth.
They’re commanders worth fighting for, dying for.
Chapter: Move on the Metal Floor
Everyone checked their gear. Rugrat pulled on Erik’s straps and had him jump up and down.
“Good,” Rugrat said, seeing that nothing was going to fall out of Erik’s gear as they were fighting in the Metal floor.
“Thanks,” Erik said as the rest of the army were doing the same.
George moved around, pawing at the armor over his body. He didn’t like wearing it so close to his fur, and looked at Rugrat with unhappy eyes.
“Who is a good boy?” Rugrat pat George and scratched through some of the armored plates.
George looked appeased with the praise. As Rugrat pulled out a big steak and waved it in front of George’s face, he snapped at it. Rugrat pulled it back before he could get it. George gave him an accusatory look as Rugrat looked unhappily at him.
“Sit!” Rugrat said.
George planted his ass on the ground. His tail moved lazily from side to side, unable to hide his excitement completely.
Rugrat held the steak as Gilga looked over and made a screeching noise at Erik, who was checking his saddle and her armor.
“You just got food,” Erik complained.
Gilga let out another screech and Erik let out a groan.
“Sit!” he said.
Gilga, the century-old beast, sat down eagerly, making the floor shake. She had her tongue hanging out of her mouth, not looking too different from George’s expression.
Rugrat tossed the steak to George; he snapped it out of the air and chewed on it, quickly devouring it.
Erik tossed up the piece of meat for Gilga; she shot forward, grabbing it and tilting her neck back, looking at him with big eyes.
“I’ll give you another once we’re done,” Erik said.
She let out a noise of complaint, trying to barter with him as Rugrat patted George, leaving the two of them to their discussion.
George had grown rapidly with consuming powerful monster cores in the Fourth Realm. His understanding of words had also gone through a change. Although he couldn’t talk himself, only yowl and whine in half-formed wolf words, Rugrat could understand him through the bond that they shared.
Gilga also did the same.
“For having a high quality bloodline, they don’t act it,” Erik said.
Gilga stood and shook her large body.
George yowled at her. He had grown but he was still smaller.
Gilga looked down on him, making him let out more annoyed noises.
“Could you get Gilga to not rub it in so much?” Rugrat asked.
George licked his front paws, staring at her. She let out a snort and turned, her tail hitting the wolf and sending him flying.
He landed and yowled at her, annoyed at being thrown around.
“Beasts do as beasts want to.” Erik shrugged but there was a grin on his face.
“With her powerful back legs, she looks more T-rex than anything,” Rugrat muttered to Erik.
Gilga gave him a look, as if trying to understand whether he were saying something bad or not.
George pawed the ground and snarled, unhappy about being ignored.
Gilga snorted and looked away, ignoring them all.
“Were you able to find anything that might purify their bloodline more in the Fourth Realm?” Rugrat asked.
“There are a number of concoctions that would be good, but I will need time to understand them and make them. Most of the concoctions from the Third Realm are not out of reach now and they can help them increase their strength,” Erik said.
“Mount up!” Glosil called from the front.
Everyone finished their last checks and got onto their mounts.
Erik and Rugrat mounted up and moved to the front of the formation.
“While Fred said that they have powerful bloodlines, even he didn’t know what kind of bloodline it was,” Rugrat said.
“Well, when have we ever been given the information?” Erik laughed.
Rugrat sighed and shook his head, but there was a light in his eyes. Forging their own path—it was exciting; it was a new path…a new way. We’ve been able to come pretty far with just following our own path, Rugrat thought as they moved to the front where Glosil waited.
Glosil got a signal from the sergeant to the rear. “We’re good to go,” he said.
“All right,” Erik said.
“Ready when you are, Captain,” Rugrat said.
Glosil stood up in his stirrups so everyone could see him. “When we head into the Metal floor, it is our goal to get to the top of the metal mountain as soon as possible. It looks like there are a great number of beasts around the teleportation formation. So we will have to charge forward and through them. Stick together. If you get separated, link back up. If you are wounded, trust your mount to bring you back to the formation. Cover one another.
“Once we reach the mountain, Dragon Company will establish a defensive position. The special teams will continue with First Sergeant Rodriguez and Major West. They will head to the top of the mountain to challenge the boss of the level. Once the boss is defeated, the special teams will clear the rest of the mountain. Dragon Company will head up to the summit of the mountain and establish a camp there. We will hold our position as the attached formation masters work to restore control over the formations located on the metal mountain.
“Then we will stabilize our forces and come up with a plan to clear the rest of the Metal floor! When we come back, we will have regained control over the second floor of the Alva Dungeon!”
There were slight cheers and smiles on the soldiers’ faces.
Rugrat could read their thoughts.
Now we will show the people of Alva just how strong we are.
Their hearts beat with pride as they sat up higher.
Glosil looked to Erik, who nodded.
“Alva Army moving out! Open the gates.” Glosil’s orders covered the barracks.
The gates opened ahead of them. There were people already outside of the gates, civilians seeing them off on their journey.
They looked at the rows of the Alva Army all wearing their armor, their panther mounts armed and armored with heavy repeaters mounted to their backs.
Egbert floated into the air, looking like a skeleton shaman as his bones glowed with runes that were imprinted into his very bones.
“Well, this should be different,” Egbert said as they rode out of the barracks.
The people of Alva broke into cheers as they passed.
The soldiers wanted to smile and wave but kept their stony expressions as they marched forward, not even looking away as they followed on after their commanders, row upon row.
Egbert turned around and started to fly backward, completely at ease, breaking the seriousness of the commanders as he started to read a romance book he had recently acquired from the various traders who had come back from their travels.
“What do you think about the other formation masters, the one in charge of them is Ida right?” Rugrat asked in a low voice.
“Yeah Ida’s in charge of their little group. I think that they’re skittish as hell. Thankfully they’re riding Alva Army trained panthers and they’re protected by Special Team Two,” Glosil muttered back.
“Should we have Egbert keep an eye on them?”
“Yeah, that might not be a bad idea,” Glosil agreed.
“Okay,” Egbert agreed. A flaming eye floated out of his skull and drifted up above the formation and then circled Ida and the formation masters, who sat up even straighter than before.
“Well, looks like if they weren’t nervous before, they are now,” Rugrat said.
“Egbert—” Erik started.
“What?!” Egbert, lying on his back, put down his book, his one eye looking at Erik furiously, cutting quite the sight as he drifted backward until he was right next to Erik.
“Uh, nothing.” Erik shook his head.
“Wasting the time of your elders—you should be ashamed,” Egbert said.
“Says the skeleton who is reading lord romance books while floating in the middle of a military formation,” Rugrat said.
“I don’t tell you how you’re supposed to spend your Sundays,” Egbert said back as he found where he was reading.
Glosil coughed rather hard, but wisely didn’t say anything.
They picked up their speed and went through the growing Alva Dungeon. People stood on either side of the street, watching them pass by, including those who hadn’t seen them before, being new members of Alva. A sign of a group’s strength was their military. The stronger the military was, the safer the people were from attacks. No power wanted to lose their fighting force for nothing.
“Such powerful auras—I nearly fainted from their strength and they’re just marching by,” one woman said, holding her chest.
“They are much stronger than even the lord’s own order of knights at the city we used to live in,” the man beside her said.
“You came from the Second Realm. Aren’t they stronger than the people there?” someone asked a woman with scars and an axe on her hip.
The woman coughed slightly. She was one of the people Blaze had sent from the Adventurer’s Guild to Alva. “Yes, they are much stronger.”
“Why don’t you join them? You look like someone who fights?” the person asked.
“I applied but I need to go through some increases in my cultivation before I can,” the woman said awkwardly in a low voice.
“Ah, no worries. If you pass the logic tests and an oath to try your best in the tests to join the army, then you can get help from the medical staff,” the Alvan said with comforting words.
“I didn’t pass the logic test,” the woman said in a low voice.
“What?” The man then coughed a bit, looking embarrassed. “Well, there are plenty of classes you can take that will allow you to pass the test,” he said, trying to comfort her.
The group passed through the center of Alva, headed past the dungeon core, where the council members stood in the headquarters level, looking down on the army passing by.
“Eyes—left!” Glosil called.
Erik, Rugrat, and Glosil snapped their fists to their chests, saluting the council leaders, who all looked on as the members of the army all looked over to the left in one motion.
They passed and turned toward the formation.
“Eyes front!” Glosil called out.
Everyone dropped their salute and looked forward once more.
“All right, get ready,” Erik said.
Erik and Rugrat picked up the pace and Egbert even turned around and faced forward, storing the book away into some storage bone.
“Load!” Glosil called out.
Everyone pulled on their charging handles for their heavy repeaters, chambering the first bolt. The riders lowered themselves. They were like unsheathed swords as they all looked out. They were arranged two abreast, with each of them aiming outward, splitting up their flanks so that they covered everything to their front, left, and right.
The teleportation formation started to glow with power as Egbert started to increase the power. A faint mist appeared around the formation as the different runes in the lines and shapes that made up the formation started to come to life.
There was nothing more they could do as they charged forward. Adrenaline flowed through their veins as they marched right after one another. The formation powered up as Erik and Rugrat reached the other side of the formation. They left behind the first floor and appeared in the Metal floor. George and Gilga had been building up power in their bodies and they shot out of the formation.
The beasts on the Metal floor had been alerted by the formation that was activating on their side. They looked up as Gilga let out a blast of Water magic and George let out his Fire magic.
Twin pillars crushed everything in their path.
Rugrat fired with twin repeater arrows. Mana condensed around him like a halo and his body glowed with power.
Erik’s body grew as he let out mana blasts with his fists, hurling back the beasts that were closest. The ten-meter-long beasts were tossed to the side as if they were nothing more than cardboard cutouts, blasted out of the path.
The Alva Army were right behind, their repeaters firing as they pierced through the beasts in their path, lying in wait.
The formation flashed again as another section of the army appeared right behind the first group. They had run through the formation so they were in motion already by the time they were on the other side. They had separated out the formation, leaving gaps in between so that they could teleport one group right behind the others and not cut anyone into pieces.
Egbert was a master with the teleportation formation and had organized it.
He now glowed and rose up above the formation. From his hands, purple blasts shot out, hitting the creatures all around the formation.
The beasts seemed to lose their minds, backing away from the Alva Army and the formation, as they tried to get the flames off them. Then the flames seemed to enter their bodies, infecting them with madness.
They turned on one another, allies turning enemies. Several were killed, only to have their wounds covered in purple flames as they changed, becoming undead.
“Last man!” Lieutenant Chen called as he and Domonos made it through the formation.
They broke through the beasts camped around the formation, but now the beasts were chasing after them. Egbert floated above, hurling attacks down on them as the Alva Army used the mana barriers that they had got from the Blood Demon sect army, deflecting magical attacks from behind.
“Follow!” Rugrat yelled as he altered their path. With his magical vision and connection with metal from working as a smith, he was able to see through the landscape that seemed to be made from Metal mana, being bathed in it for centuries.
He felt the power of George as they crossed the ground. Like arrows from a bow, they moved straight and true, a powerful force that nothing could stop. They were their own force of nature. A feeling of power rushed through their veins as higher level creatures appeared.
Rugrat pulled out his rifle as a large rhino covered in lightning crested a rise and bellowed.
Three repeaters tracked onto the rhino, cutting it down. It slumped on the rise but several other rhinos appeared, rushing up the hill. Rugrat fired, killing one, and reloaded. The repeaters kept firing and picking out targets, all of them working together to break down the enemy. This was a trained military; they proactively picked out their targets and then positioned themselves to get maximum effectiveness of their weapon system.
They didn’t need to talk, understanding one another simply by watching their tracers as they adjusted and altered. It was much like video games, how only a few gestures and watching what the others were doing would allow one to adapt to their play style so that they would do what was best for the team overall.
Rugrat focused on leading the group as they ran on. People were hit with attacks and wounded here and there, but nothing life-threatening. Most of them were able to use healing concoctions to recover while they were on the run.
“Egbert, how are we looking?” Rugrat asked on the command channel as he altered the path of the convoy. He wanted to know what the situation was on the mountain, to pick the easiest route up the mountain. Otherwise, they might take a route that they climbed up halfway before they had to descend again and try another route.
“Well, I think everything on the Metal floor knows that we’re here. I can’t see a clear path up the mountain right now. We’ll have to circle around.”
Glosil started to talk to his soldiers as Rugrat checked the map that they had on the floor and what he was seeing through his magical vision.
“Okay,” Rugrat said to himself, making a mental map through the lower ground that would afford them cover and not expose them to too many beasts at once.
The ground started to shake as Rugrat felt a magical reaction from below the ground.
“Beasts!” Rugrat yelled out. “Break up and move for the sides!” He and Erik moved to the side of the valley. The formation split as a massive creature appeared. Its sides glowed red, with molten metal falling off it.
Gilga shot out a focused stream of water that cut through the worm’s molten metal, revealing bands of metal beneath.
“Shit! They’re metal worms!” Erik called out.
“Come on!” Rugrat complained, remembering the worm that they had faced in the second realm when they were searching for dungeon cores.
The worms grew stronger the more metal that they consumed; then that metal was turned into bands of natural armor around their bodies.
Rugrat urged George on as he jumped into the sky. Egbert rushed past him with a purple blade, meeting a worm that was rising up right in front of Ida and the group of formation masters.
The purple blade cut through the worm, splitting it into two. Sizzling waves of heat and molten metal covered the ground around him as he leapt into the sky.
Rugrat held his M20, waiting for the perfect target. He turned and fired three grenades. They curved through the air as a worm opened its mouth. They fell into the worm’s mouth and exploded in its gut. The armor contained the shockwaves, so the damage killed the giant worm. Rugrat picked out another worm.
The worms seemed to get smarter as another collapsed on the ground; they reversed their direction and sunk back into the ground.
“We got separated but we’re on our way back.” Roska sounded pissed. Clearly it was not her plan to separate from the rest of the army.
Rugrat looked over as she led Ida and the formation masters back. It seemed that the worms had panicked the formation masters as their reins were now held by grim-looking members of Special Team Two.
Rugrat descended to the ground on George.
“I think I see a path up to the top of the mountain,” Egbert reported.
He guided Rugrat, who led the reformed group back toward the mountain and the path up it.
“Looks like there is some company on the mountain coming down,” Egbert said in a grim voice. “We’ve got Metal rams coming down!”
“That does not sound good,” Erik muttered to Rugrat.
The Metal rams were just as they were described: pissed-off looking rams that had a bad day and a head of metal horns. They were much larger than the Earth variety, only about four meters long.
“Just what is the deal with this Metal beaver?” Rugrat hissed as the rams moved forward lazily.
“Glosil!” Erik called.
Glosil moved up to him.
“I want the platoon to advance side by side, moving section by section, fire and movement. Have the command element and the civvies with Special Team Two behind and Special Team One in the rear covering our asses,” Erik said.
“Yes, sir!” Glosil quickly passed out orders as Alva Army quickly moved into their new positions.
Sections one and three fired on the rams, holding their position as two and four fired and bounded forward and then slowed down in their new position.
“Covering!” they yelled out as their targeting became more accurate. The rams were being cut down, in a panic now as they were smart enough to know that the bolts fired at them were deadly.
The rams fired back blasts of lightning between their horns, but they were trying to find cover and their accuracy was horrible, only getting lucky hits here and there.
Rugrat nodded as he moved with the command element and Special Team Two, pressuring the rams with effective and superior weapons fire. The rams, seeing the Alva Army advancing as if there were nothing in the world that could stop them, finally lost their arrogance, not even able to close with the enemy. They turned and fled.
“Scan and watch your arcs!” Glosil ordered as they continued to move forward, making sure to be in visual contact with one another, ready to react to threats.
“Move into arrowhead formation. Third platoon will be the leading section,” Glosil said as they moved like an arrow with people on both sides. Special Team One was in the rear, making up the base of the arrow; the command group was in the middle with the formation masters under the careful watch of Special Team Two. There weren’t any of their usual antics as they revealed the deadly soldiers that lay underneath their jokes.
There wasn’t anything else on their way forward. The Metal floor seemed to have realized there was a new predator on the floor.
“The beasts are gathering together. It looks like they want to build up their forces again before making another attack,” Egbert warned. With his spells, he was able to see over the dungeon with his vantage point in the sky.
“How are we looking on the mountain?” Erik asked.
“The mana density there is much higher, so it is hard to see through and the creatures there have been there for a long time, so they blend into it,” Egbert said regretfully.
“We can only continue with our plan,” Erik said.
They got to the base of the mountain. The path leading upward wound through trees and plants that were heavily Metal attribute, thriving in this Metal floor.
Domonos organized the platoon, quickly pulling out different parts of a fort and placing them down. The mages used spells to fuse them to the ground, erecting a fort in just minutes.
The ground started to shake as Rugrat, who had found a ledge on the mountain, looked up at the metal dust that rose as a group of beasts charged down.
His eyes turned solemn as he pulled out his grenade launcher once again. Level thirty-sevens.
The creatures were blown back by the blast. The defense around the camp was like an iron wall; the defenders didn’t let anything through, handling the charging beasts with professional ease.
The Alva Army might be stronger on average, but even higher levels didn’t mean that they were invincible and most of them were dismounted, making the base.
“I can deal with them but it will take mana,” Egbert said.
Rugrat was trying to find a good angle, but rocks jut out all over the place, making it hard to get a good line of sight on the charging beasts.
“Go for it,” Erik said.
Egbert cracked his fingers and his robes fluttered in the wind. His robes and bones glowed with a deep-blue light that had flickers of purple embers.
Spell formations appeared above the beasts as ice blocks hit the ground, covering it in ice. The beasts lost their footing and started to scramble, trying to recover.
Egbert landed on the ground and spell circles appeared on either side of him. Blue spears of mana shot out, tearing through the leading beasts, and exploded. The beasts charged forward, but under the destruction of Egbert’s attacks, their front line was pushed backward. His attacks tore through their lines.
Rugrat, for the first time, was able to see the power that Egbert commanded. If there was even more power in the dungeon, then wouldn’t he have power close to that of a demigod?
Currents of power revolved around Egbert, making him look as though he were a well of mana itself.
More spells were cast in the sky, hitting the charging beasts from above and in front.
Dust obscured the battlefield as mana explosions of blue and the occasional attacks from the beasts colored the mountain.
Suddenly, it ended. Egbert and the rest surveyed the mountain to look for any more threats.
“Captain, hold the camp. Be ready to head to the formation if needed!”
“Yes, sir,” Glosil yelled back over the roars of the beasts coming from across the Metal floor and charging the mountain.
A roar answered them from the top of the mountain. The entire mountain shook as lightning rained down randomly, striking the mountain and breaking off massive metal chunks that fell below.
“Special teams on me!” Erik called out.
The formation masters would be left at the camp as Special Team One led the way, Rugrat and Erik in the center, with Special Team Two in the rear.
Their panthers let out roars as they charged forward. Roska and Lucinda buffed them with spells.
They wove up the mountain’s trails and Egbert floated with them.
They reached an open area. Egbert looked for new routes forward as they slowed their pace.
“Watch out!” he yelled.
From three of the mountain paths, massive elks made of silver charged out, with racks of polished and sharpened metal on their heads lowered as they charged.
One of the elks was killed by the repeaters, explosives, and spells. Another slammed into Special Team One, tearing through the group as they tossed their head, sending them flying, their condition unknown.
Erik mentally kicked himself. They had been all grouped together as they moved and it made the perfect target for the elks’ charge.
Rugrat jumped off George, who rushed forward. The elk turned and lifted its head proudly, only to see the firewolf appear with red eyes and flames dancing around him.
It didn’t have time to lower its head as George leapt forward. His claws dug into the massive elk and his jaw closed on the elk’s neck.
It might be made of metal but George was one of their strongest members and he was made from fire. His body showed blue flames as the ground underneath him melted and the elk cried out, stumbling and trying to fight back. Its attempts to survive became weaker and weaker.
Erik looked over to the last elk. It had missed its target for some reason. Storbon’s spear turned into several copies, each of them striking the elk’s leg, making it stagger. Tian Cui threw darts, and Niemm’s rifle cracked, hitting the elk in the eye, causing a tombstone to appear.
Erik switched back to George. He shook his head as the blue sparks across his body faded. Erik could tell he was much weaker now, but the elk showed a tombstone above its neck now.
Erik looked over to Gong Jin, who was organizing the wounded. Simms, Xi, and Imani had all been hit.
As soon as the elk was killed, Gong Jin had people go over to collect the different wounded and had Lucinda work with their mounts to heal them or settle their nerves.
Gilga knew his thoughts and in two jumps, Erik was next to Simms. He was coughing badly.
Eric pulled out a needle and jabbed it into Simms’s side. He injected all of the healing concoction into his side and his breathing became easier.
“All right, Simms, how you feeling?” Erik dropped to the ground, checking on him.
“Hit some rocks with my side, head’s all fucked.” Simms blinked and tried to clear his mind. He let out a pained hiss as the healing concoction went to work.
Erik checked him over. “Good work on the self-aid. You’ve got a couple of cracked ribs and a collapsed lung, not the best situation,” Erik said. “This will hurt.”
He forced Simms’s ribs together as he cried out and then used Heal Bone spell, fusing them together. The healing concoction would do the rest and his lung would be okay.
Erik scanned Simms’s head at the same time.
“Okay, looks like we need to work on the helmets a bit more. The extra weight fucked your neck up, but don’t worry—I can deal with that.” Erik didn’t mention how it also looked as though he had a concussion. With the power of Focused Heal, he could repair that damage as if it never existed.
He looked up over to the other wounded. Deni had Imani and Yang Zan was working with Xi. A bloody spiked metal tree had been hacked down as he dealt with the several puncture wounds.
With the healing spells and concoctions, now it was as easy to diagnose what the condition of a person was as it was to render critical healing and leave the rest to concoctions.
“Yang Zan, Deni, you good?” Erik yelled.
“Good!” they yelled back, not turning from their patients.
Rugrat had formed everyone up, ready to move. Rugrat jogged over as Gilga surveyed the area.
“Leave a half section with Yang Zan to watch them and take them to the camp,” Erik said.
“I can fight,” Simms said.
“You need time to heal those ribs.” Erik put more force into his words.
Simms looked as if he wanted to argue but he lowered his head. Erik was his commanding officer and the one who had trained him. He might be annoyed but he wouldn’t go against his orders. “Sir,” he said in a curt voice.
“I’ll see to it,” Rugrat said.
Erik got Simms stabilized and dealt with the head trauma so that there wouldn’t be any problems later on. “Go and report to Gong Jin.”
“Sir.” Simms headed off at a jog and Erik mounted back up.
Deni had Imani up and limping. She had taken the elk’s antlers to the leg and her mount had been directly killed.
She was put into Yang Zan’s care and Gong Jin remained with them. The five of them would head back to camp as soon as Xi was good to move.
Roska moved to Erik. “Ready to move,” she reported.
“Egbert, lead on. Everyone, make sure to keep your spacing, three panthers in between you and the person in front of you!” Erik yelled.
Storbon led the way, with Egbert guiding them from above. He had scouted ahead as they were stabilizing the wounded.
They broke their mounted defense and headed up the mountain once again.
Erik got a message from Glosil. “Report,” Erik said.
“We are under contact. Beasts are testing our strengths and weaknesses. Looks like they’ll attack in force soon enough—” He was interrupted from a roar on top of the mountain.
“Shit, it looks like that stirred them up. We’ve got more coming in. Get those mortars firing!” Glosil yelled.
“Can you hold?” Erik asked.
“We should be good. On a one-to-one basis, we’re stronger but they have got numbers on their side,” Glosil said in a low voice.
“Do what you can, but we don’t need a final stand. We’re sending down a half section to you. Three wounded but mobile, with a medic and Gong Jin in command.”
Erik wasn’t concerned. Although they were pressured, it wasn’t as if they didn’t have an avenue to retreat. They still had untapped strength; if they went all-out, they could force their way back to the teleportation array.
“Understood,” Glosil said.
Erik heard the mortars firing at the base of the mountain. “Report in if anything changes.”
“Yes, sir.” Glosil closed the sound transmission.
Egbert and Storbon, with the leading forces of Special Team One, cut down any resistance and creatures that appeared on the mountain, springing out of the Metal grasses and forests.
They didn’t have drawn-out engagements as they passed quickly and reached the summit not long after.
The mountain wasn’t pointed; instead, it had a bowl-like shape. The basin was filled with what looked like brilliant blue water, but one couldn’t see the bottom and it gave off light. In its depths, one could see white sparks. Lightning fell from the heavens, striking the water, but instead of it exploding like normal water would, the water only glowed brighter.
“The water is condensed lightning,” Roska said. With her words, a chill passed through the group.
“Look there—is that a dam?” Niemm asked.
Everyone looked into the center of the pool. There was a large dam that had to be fifty meters in diameter in the middle of the lightning waters.
The waters seethed as a massive beaver over ten meters long appeared. He let out a low squeaking noise as he slapped the water with his long tail. The lightning water was disturbed, throwing bolts of lightning around, and the wave that headed toward the group discharged lightning.
“Find cover!” Erik yelled. They ran to the sides, and the lightning wave rushed forward.
They moved to the side as the water made it over the basin. Lightning arced between the trees, the vegetation, and the ground.
Gilga gave out a screech and chittered. The beaver’s head snapped over and looked at her before snapping off a few more squeaks.
Three heads appeared in the water and the largest squeaked. The large beaver out of the water squeaked back at them in a panic and backed up, eyeing all of the Alva Army.
“It’s defending its home,” Erik muttered. Through his connection, he could feel that Gilga wasn’t preparing to fight; instead, she was relaxing and he was able to get a basic understanding of what she meant.
“They don’t want to fight? Do they mean us harm?” Erik asked.
She shook her head in the negative twice.
“You can understand one another?” Erik asked.
She nodded in the positive.
The beavers in the water were together. The larger one had given up arguing with the second largest. The two others looked at the special teams in curiosity.
“Get him to stop the fighting in the floor. We don’t want to fight if we don’t have to. Just want to take command of the floor,” Erik said.
Gilga talked back at the beaver. It took some time before the second largest beaver spoke up. The largest one looked as if he were pouting but didn’t do anything to interrupt.
Erik got a transmission from Glosil.
“The animals are backing off here,” Glosil said.
“Looks like this has turned into a negotiation,” Erik said. “I’ll keep you updated.”
Erik cut the transmission while Gilga and the other beaver talked.
Egbert landed next to him. “When we built this floor, the lightning was supposed to go through a formation, set up like a river through the entire floor. It looks like the beaver made dams across the floor. The dams, made from the trees and plants of the floor, spread the power more and improved the floor. They lived in the center of the lightning water and created that lodge.” Egbert pointed to what Erik had called a dam.
“They’re a keystone species, you know. With them, a lot of disasters are averted or decrease in lethality. They just consume plants—they’re not meat eaters. With their lodges, it’s hard to kill them. Here in waters made of lightning, their strength increased passively. Look at the plants in and around the water.”
Erik looked at the plants. He had been focused on the beaver before but now that he changed his focus, he could see that these plants were much stronger than the plants in the lower parts of the mountain.
“Even though the floor has been cut off for decades, it has flourished,” Egbert said as Erik looked around. The metal-looking plants were strange. It was hard to pick them out against the broken rocks and the metals of the floor, but as he looked around, he could see that there were forests of the plants. There were other pools of dimmer-looking lightning water here and there. It was easy to look over it all and think it barren because the Metal-attribute items were just so foreign to Erik. Seeing the blacks, silvers, blues, and golds of the floor, he thought of it like some shiny but desolate land.
“I was looking at it as if it were Earth, with forests of green and browns,” Erik muttered.
It took another hour or two. Gilga lay down and talked to the beaver. The older beaver still looked alert, and the other two were fixing up different dams that they had created.
Gilga broke away from talking to the beaver on the bank, and walked to Erik.
“So?” Erik asked.
Erik felt emotions and images through his body, piecing things together.
“And for the rest of us?” Rugrat asked.
“Beavers been here for a while. Got closed off, stayed on the mountain, populated. They were the strongest; they control the floor. With their dams, they hid in the lightning, grew stronger with that and the materials they ate. Got stirred up by us and the fighting. They hid in their dams and let the others fight us.
“They’re the leaders of this place. Remember short people—uh, guess that is the gnomes. They liked having them ruling. They want to go to a place of water. There are more like them?” Erik was confused; he looked at Gilga, who agreed with his words.
“They must be beavers from the Water floor. They must have used the pathways from below and ended up here for some reason,” Egbert said.
“So what do you think about all of this?” Rugrat asked.
“I think it would be a great idea to keep them around. Dams are pretty useful! Though we’ll need them to move their lodge so that we can access the formations that are underneath it.”
Erik relayed this to Gilga, who went back to the beaver, communicating with tail slaps, yowls, and chitters between the two of them. Gilga looked back over her shoulder.
“Seems we have an agreement,” Erik said.
A few more heads popped out of the water, looking at the humans with interest and then looking back to one another—a big beaver family reunion.
“Most of the creatures on the other floor were actually allowed to roam freely. They weren’t a problem to the floors—the problems were with the species that were aggressive,” Egbert said.
“So if we can get control over the aggressive species or get the beavers to control them until we can tame them, then what?” Erik asked.
“Once we have the main command formation, then all of the beasts in its range will come under our control. It was made with their ancestral blood. Be real hard for them to break that bond. If we treat them okay, then they won’t have a reason to try to break it, either. They make it much easier to regulate the floors and advance quicker. Look at how developed this place has become in the time that they have been stuck in here. The Metal-attribute mana wasn’t even ten percent as strong as this,” Egbert said.
“We’re going to have to clean out these impurities. We can last around two months on these floors now, but at our lower levels, our mana systems would have been filled with impurities and we would be in serious trouble after a few hours,” Rugrat said.
“If we can increase people’s Body Cultivation, they can come down to these floors without problems,” Erik said.
“Have to remember, it’s not always our duty to help them increase their strength. If they want it, they should work toward it.”
“Yeah, that’s true.” Erik turned his gaze to the dam and then up at the ceiling. “Long-term gains—we’ll get a burst of energy at first and then power slowly over time. We’ve got more than enough power right now. With this floor being under our control, we’re gaining much more than we’re losing,” Erik said aloud, looking out over the massive floor.
The living floor where the academy was and where everyone from Alva lived was the smallest floor.
“The gnomes didn’t think small,” Erik said.
“Of course not! Though, it was a bit of an accident. They were trying to escape from someone else and then were swept down a cave into what is now the Water floor. They built upward, building each floor.
“Did you know, in the beginning, they would transport the dungeon core between the different levels? Ingenious, really, creating several dungeons layered on top of one another, turning them on and off at different times, managing them all with the dungeon core. Then finally the dungeon core, with the use of formations, was able to command all of the different floors. From being chased escapees, they created a nation, built families, and had a peaceful life, cut off from the rest of the realms.” Egbert’s voice was soft as his memories moved to a place that only he knew.
“But now you and Rugrat are creating a new nation. Who knows where it will go.” Egbert infused his words with enthusiasm, drowning out the sad melancholy from the past.
The past is written but the future isn’t. Erik felt the weight of responsibility on his shoulders.
“All right, well, if we can get her and her husband’s agreement and an oath with the beavers, we can start to develop the Metal floor,” Erik said to Gilga.
She turned to the beaver, talking. Then she made herself as big as possible, preening and showing off.
“What’s she doing?” Egbert asked.
“If I was a betting man, I’d say she’s showing off how well she has done with an oath to Erik. Beasts want to show off that they have the best of things.” Rugrat laughed and patted George.
“How do you know?”
“’Cause George is all upset at how much she’s bragging.” Rugrat chuckled and Erik joined in.
Chapter: Council Meeting
Erik and Rugrat spent their time working on projects that they had put off. Erik was in the Alchemy department, using the Expert-level facilities as he worked to create a stronger Age Rejuvenation potion and looked over information on pills and concoctions that would assist one in increasing their Body and Mana Gathering Cultivation.
“There are many aids that can help, but really one needs an environment attuned to the different attribute mana.” Erik let out a heavy sigh and rubbed his strained eyes, the pages of the book giving him a headache.
“Really, the best situation would be to wait for the floors to be clear. Then, like how I did with the Earth tempering stage of Body Cultivation, I go to the floors, take supporting concoctions, and then temper my body with the different forces of the Ten Realms.”
He became quiet. “The one problem—well, not really a problem, but something to consider—is that now with firearms, increasing my Body Cultivation isn’t that high of a priority. The benefits are great, yes, but if I’m at range, then spells to increase the power of the rounds or to increase my accuracy would be more useful. I’d need a trainer in order to properly learn how to fight hand-to-hand.”
He rubbed his face. More than anything, he didn’t want to waste his efforts. If he increased the power of his body and then didn’t use it, it was useless. He could use magic for his healing spells anyway.
A part of Erik just wanted to fight hand-to-hand, so that even if he didn’t have a weapon he would be a fierce opponent.
***
Rugrat was in the military workshop district, a section of Alva Dungeon’s farmland that had been reclaimed to create the compound that made munitions, weapons, armor, and other supplies. It was one of the first things that Glosil had done—consolidating all of the different workshops together and increasing production. With the growth of the military, just with training they would need an increase in supplies. They would also need to build up their reserves of consumables that would be used in a conflict.
Rugrat was touring the facilities. He stopped as Taran guided him through.
“Something wrong?” Taran asked.
“That? What is that?” Rugrat saw someone putting a block of metal into a spinning machine and Rugrat’s stomach dropped.
“That’s a spinning tool. We realized if we used something similar to your centrifuge to spin the metal, then we could round it out easier into a barrel. We have another machine that spins and cuts the inside of the barrel, adding rifling,” Taran said.
“Dammit.” Rugrat groaned.
“What is it?”
“You did good—I messed up. We have machines like that on Earth, called a lathe, and then I guess that the other thing would be similar to a drill. Wow, that was dumb of me. I made it for him, just thinking about separating out blood and solutions, didn’t think of the smithing applications. What other things did I miss? Band saw? Router? Damn, maybe even a simple drill? Dammit! Shit! Dammit!” Rugrat walked over to a workbench and started listing down names and then doing drawings.
Taran looked at the others in the room before he backed away from Rugrat slowly and then walked away, whistling.
***
Jia Feng walked into the dungeon headquarters. Delilah was already there, working on some other paperwork.
“You’re in early,” Jia Feng said.
“Yeah, I had some things to catch up on. When I have spare time, I have been working with Erik on Alchemy. It all kind of piles up. You know, with everything happening across the realms, then in Alva and now in Vuzgal. Going to need a whole lot more administrators.” Delilah sighed and then turned back to her work.
Jia Feng smiled and moved to her chair as she pulled out her own reports from the different departments. She had organized her own notes, filled with her own questions and theirs. She looked at the changes that had happened to the academy since their last meeting. The changes since Erik and Rugrat had left.
The next to arrive was Elise and Blaze. Both of them looked tired as they walked in.
“So good to see you,” Jia Feng said. Delilah got up as well and greeted them.
“The time changes can be rough. Nice having the totem right in the dungeon now, though,” Elise said.
“Makes it easier to get a few home-cooked meals.” Blaze smiled at Jia Feng.
She let out a laugh. “What would the Adventurer’s Guild think if they knew their valiant leader was sneaking off in order to get pastries?”
“I think they’d try to fight me for one if they knew how good they were.” Blaze laughed.
“Well, seems lively in here,” Egbert said as he entered the room.
“Have you sorted those books out yet?” Delilah asked.
“Yes, I sorted out all of my personal collection! Alphabetized by character’s name and by author name!”
“I meant the ones from Vuzgal.” Delilah sighed.
“Good to see that some things never change.” Blaze moved to his seat.
“Do you know what kind of items we have from Vuzgal already?”
“So you just happened to forget what the inside of a machine shop looks like?”
“What? I got your centrifuge thingy done!”
“Taran is definitely making it to Master Smith before you!”
“It’s Expert next, not Master!”
“You know what I mean.”
“Morning,” Erik said as he and Rugrat appeared at the top of the stairs and entered the room.
The duo looked tired but they had that look in their eyes. It didn’t matter how tired they were; there was still work to be done and not enough time in the day to get it all done.
Jia Feng shook her head at them all and pulled out some food, setting it on the side. “If I know you all, then none of you have eaten anything yet and most of you barely slept!” She moved out of the way of the vultures—uh, council leaders.
They moved en masse for the cart, filling up on food and drink, eating as they got to the table.
Glosil was the last in. He looked around, moving to the cart and downing coffee, taking a second cup and then piling a plate with food before moving to the table.
“Having fun with training?” Blaze grinned.
“Ah, good, you’re here. I need someone to take over training the officers. Here is the information.” Glosil stuffed a sandwich in his face and dropped a report onto the table in front of Blaze.
“I’m not in the military now!”
“That’s nice.” Glosil smiled and went back to his seat.
“How am I supposed to train leaders?”
“You’re the most qualified. We’ve got some information on it, but you’ll have to build as you go.” Erik cleared his throat. “This meeting is to get to see how everything is going, what you need, what can you supply, then overview of changes. Then we’ll open up a connection to the Metal floor.
“First we’ll talk on Vuzgal, the changes and such there. Then Egbert, Jia, Glosil, Blaze, Elise, and Delilah.” Erik scanned the room as people continued to eat.
“Okay, so we got one city, various gems, miscellaneous items, weapons and armor, tools for different crafting professions, as well as raw materials. Anything monetary—mana stones, copper, silver, and gold—has been turned over to the treasury or will be soon, which should mean more loans available for people. The other items will need to be checked. We would like to enlist the help of the academy for this. Then we can pull out any items that are useful for the academy—tools, special weapons, and so on.
“The lower-grade weapons will be sold in auction to the traders of Alva. These trades will happen two months apart so that they can clear the first group of items out, sell them and have funds to buy more. Some will be sold by our stores and auction house that is being built in Vuzgal. Same goes for the gems. Some will be retained to be used by the formation department,” Erik said.
“We were able to save a number of spell scrolls that we can use in further operations carried out by the military. All materials that can be used by the military have been turned over to them. Still, we were able to find a number of tools and kits such as this.” Rugrat pulled out a set of formation inscription equipment, cooking equipment, and woodworking equipment.
Jia Feng’s eyes lit up, looking at the equipment.
“We were able to get some of this appraised. These kits will be retained by the academy, but overall, their effects increase one’s ability to create a complete item. They increase the speed that one can work as well. For now, these kits should be lent out to those who are performing the best within their different departments.
“There are also formations and clothing we were able to loot. Though our biggest wins are the manuals and books that Egbert is looking through. With these materials, the tools, and the books, Alva’s standard should be at least the mid Journeyman level. It is our hope that in the coming days we can grow our own Experts. It is time that we recruited more people. We have plenty of tasks and jobs. Vuzgal has only increased this need.”
“What are your plans for the city? Is it focused on crafting, on mercantile dungeons?” Delilah asked.
“All of the above?” Rugrat asked.
Delilah’s eye twitched before she talked through her teeth. “For all of our sanities, please pick one thing to focus on at a time.”
Jia Feng couldn’t help but smile at the boys’ awkward expressions.
“Okay, well, first, we need to build up the military, but then we’re going to be clearing the lower floors, so we need to work around that. We need to have a force to control Vuzgal. Which means that we restrict how much land we sell. We build up our defenses, which won’t take long. While that is happening, the dungeons will naturally develop on their own and the Alchemist Association will basically take over the running of that so people don’t mess up their gardens. What about the traders? Can we start taking a chunk of the market?” Erik asked.
Elise had a pained look on her face. It was a great opportunity, but just beyond reach.
“Not yet.” She coughed and took a drink from her coffee. “So we have a lot of traders, but most of them already have their trading routes. I have looked into some of the information on the Fourth Realm. Trading is not so kind as it is in the lower realms. Traders are likely to kill one another so that they can get an advantage, or steal the other’s goods. We would be opening our traders up to that. We don’t have people we can trust with protecting them. So most traders will need to move through the totems. That is a lot of cash to move from place to place and they will need massive loans in order to make a return. So, in the short-term it is not quite possible.
“That said, we can do things kind of behind the scenes: Open an auction house, sell items from the academy there. Open up stores that can sell off excess goods at cheap prices and purchase raw materials. Open markets and trading areas—imposing a light tax will be good for conducting business. These places will need to be regulated. Our system here in Alva is simple but effective and we can use it as a sample and scale it up to what we need in the Fourth Realm.
“I have looked at the terrain. To the west, it is still a battlefield, so there is not much trade to be had there. The east and the Chaotic lands should have plenty of people looking to trade. If we can clear the road to the north, we can possibly get people through there if we keep our tolls at the totem low. We don’t want to reduce our prices too much or when we increase them, people will be displeased. If we can bring the people and the traders, then the associations are going to increase the quality of the products they sell. As long as there is demand, they’ll try to take advantage.”
“So regulate the market, build stores, and build an auction house. Will that piss off the Blue Lotus, though?” Erik asked.
“It shouldn’t. In fact, they might like it. There are a lot of useless goods that people bring to them. With another auction house, the Blue Lotus will get to show off how they are a step above. Might be an idea to talk to them and make sure you don’t step on toes there.” Elise shrugged.
“How long do you think that it will be before we have Alva-based traders in the city?” Rugrat asked.
“Months.” Elise shook her head. “It might be easier to make ties with merchants in the Fourth Realm. The amount of wealth that these traders have access to is high. Also, our traders have established their own trade routes—to suddenly leave for the Fourth Realm? They’ll want to, don’t get me wrong, but they’ll want to finish what they’ve already built. Be easier to bring in merchant administrators and run it from above, and the Alva traders can enter the marketplace when they’re ready instead of rushing in and failing.”
“Okay.” Erik and Rugrat nodded.
I never thought that deep into traders, just thought of them as selling our goods, but they have to build up a network of people who they work with. It takes a lot of time and work in order for them to succeed. Jia Feng thought to herself.
“Okay, so we’ll need some help setting that up. We can get Hiao Xen, who is someone from the Blue Lotus we met in the Second Realm, to set up most of it, but best if we have some of our people review it and make sure we don’t miss anything. Then, I guess our plans are to move into crafting more,” Rugrat said.
“Well, more being that it would be the main objective we have,” Erik added.
Jia Feng raised her hand.
“Jia Feng?” Rugrat stated.
“I have heard that you plan to make Expert-grade facilities in Vuzgal? Will students from the academy have access to these?”
“Well, actually there’s a lot involved,” Erik said. Rugrat indicated for him to go on. “Okay, so we know one of our biggest weaknesses is not having that many Expert-level crafters, which means we have a lot of crafters at the high Journeyman level but they have an issue with becoming Expert-level crafters as they don’t have guidance. Tan Xue has become an Expert but she has trouble as well.”
“Yes.” Jia Feng frowned. When Tan Xue explained it to her, it made sense but it was also complicated. “She says that being an Expert is like finding the beginning of one’s path?” Jia Feng found all focus was on her as she fell into her teacher mode.
“So in the Journeyman level, people gain access to their skill book. This allows them to assimilate and remember information quickly. Now, that acts as a basis for people to expand their knowledge. When advancing into Expert, it looks like people don’t just use that information that they gather. They figure out a truth from it…a theory. This theory is backed by the information that they have gathered, and by pursuing this theory and applying it to their crafting, one is able to create higher level items.
“Though there are right and wrong theories. Our people have been compiling different theories, proving and disproving them, testing them out. But there has to be others who have tried out these theories or have a higher level of understanding of the craft who could come along and tell us which theories are wrong and why. They can tell us what theories do work and we can build upon and expand from those. Instead of just throwing out theories into the dark and seeing if they work or not, we have a larger foundation to build upon.”
“Okay, so if we were able to learn of Expert-level theories, then we could advance the strength of crafters?” Rugrat said.
“Yes, and no.” Jia Feng had a complicated expression. “While we can figure out which theories are right or not through testing, knowing which theories are correct and applying that knowledge are two different things. I can tell you the recipe for a cake, but it doesn’t mean that you’ll make it the same way as someone else with the exact same recipe, or that it will be the same quality. There is a difference of applying the recipe as well as knowledge, tools, ingredients. This is part of why knowledge propagates slowly through the Ten Realms and that most of the information is passed from teacher to student. When the teacher dies and doesn’t have a student, then that information is wiped out.”
“Our aim with Vuzgal for crafting has several points: To use the dungeon to attract Expert-level crafters. To build up the academy there to draw in students as well as teachers and support the academy here. Draw in crafters who want to build items. With the Crafting trial attached to the main Vuzgal Dungeon, we can observe their actions, create recordings, understand what the participating crafters are doing and learn from it. The academy will have Expert-level training facilities, high-level ingredients, tools, and resources. Then we will have external crafting workshops that we own so that crafters, even if they are unable to go to the Crafting trial dungeon, can still work in high-level facilities for a fee. We get money, sell them materials, and hopefully, they will sell their products within Vuzgal. Even if they don’t, if we can make Vuzgal a holy land for crafters, we’ll reap the benefits many times over,” Erik said.
“Another academy?” Jia Feng looked at Erik and Rugrat.
“It would be like an outer feeder academy. We screen people through it, pull them to our side and to Kanesh Academy, or let them go. We send people up there to break through to Expert and they spread that information in Kanesh,” Rugrat said.
“Okay, but for students, for staff, what are the requirements? There are a lot of people who are going to want to go. They’ve built up savings, resources, and skills. Down here, they’re just another student, but up there, they have position, power, can show off to others. If a lot of them leave, well, Kanesh might become the weaker academy of the two,” Jia Feng warned.
“For teachers and the internal running of the academy, we will need your assistance. As for students, they will have to rely on their own means if they want to reach the Fourth Realm. I see Kanesh as our main academy. We will always improve the conditions here first before anywhere else. The mana density is nearly two times stronger than that in Vuzgal, the prices are cheaper here, there are more books and less competition for the higher level workshops. The academies will need to adapt to the changing environment,” Erik said.
Jia fell silent for a few moments before nodding. “If they truly want to go to the Fourth Realm, having them pay their own way will make them more motivated. We cannot take on everyone’s fees.”
Rugrat leaned forward. “With the teachers, we will be recruiting them to join the Vuzgal Academy, but we will need to evaluate them. Those who pass our tests, we should look at inviting them down to Kanesh Academy and making them Alva residents. All information from Vuzgal will be relayed and held in the library. Still, we’re going to need some books, tools, and items for the academy.”
“We’ll need items to bring people to the Vuzgal Academy,” Jia Feng said, showing she understood. “We can get the scribes to copy a number of books and send them over to Vuzgal to entice people to join. With the tools and resources, we will need to find out what they need, compile everything that we have. I’ll have the department heads coordinate who they want to send: resources, tools, and other items. It will take some time to organize. While I think that the students should pay, will there be some aid for the staff to move?”
“Do we have ways to reduce the costs on the teachers and staff?” Erik asked Delilah.
“We can purchase monster cores from the traders at a set rate. Elise should be able to take care of that.” Delilah looked at Elise, who tilted her head in acknowledgement.
“Instead of needing to pay immediately, we take the money from their wages until they pay it off, with no extra interest—would that be enough?”
“I think so.” Jia Feng looked to Delilah, who turned to Erik and Rugrat.
“Okay, so that is pretty much the summary of Vuzgal, right?” Erik looked at Rugrat.
“Sounds right to me.”
“All right. Egbert, anything to report?”
“The library has had to start using storage devices for all of the books. We need to expand the facilities soon. We are going through the books and items from Vuzgal but it will take some time to do so. I have worked with Delilah and the blueprint office to look at the development of the dungeon. We can actually increase the size of the floor now that we have the higher grade dungeon core. I have a few suggestions for this. If we can cut the rock into bricks with the dungeon core, we can use them later and it takes less time as we’re removing less material. It will allow us to expand the amount of area for the Alchemy garden and farmland. Though I am being asked by most people about the lower floors. Now that we have cleared the Metal floor, people from every department are interested in heading down there,” Egbert said.
“Glosil, what are your thoughts on allowing people on the Metal floor?” Erik asked.
“We have control over the beasts now—at least, it appears that way. I still would like it if Egbert is always watching over them and we have some of our military members on the floor as others are working there. At least for a few months until we’re sure we control everything.”
“Once we confirm all of the beasts are under our control, would that make you feel better?” Delilah asked.
“Yes, but a part of it is we just don’t know those beasts.” Glosil shrugged.
“It’s your job to be paranoid. We’ll have a rifle squad at least on the floor where others are. Have the military coordinate visits. In a month, Egbert and Glosil, I want you to meet together, assess the threat of the floor,” Erik said.
“I ask that the people on the floor are no more than two per soldier I send down there,” Glosil said.
“That’s going to slow down anything that they do,” Jia Feng rebutted.
“Slow and steady—better to be safe than dead,” Rugrat said.
Jia Feng sighed and made a note.
“Anything else?” Erik asked Egbert.
“The dungeon in the Third Realm has reached peak efficiency. The only way they can grow more now is if they get new plants. The Sky Reaching Restaurant has gained fame in the Third Realm and Elise is running negotiations to expand into the other headquarter cities. We have finished filling the mana storing formation above us with Mortal mana cornerstones. With time, we will start to replace these with Earth-grade mana cornerstones. Removing the Mortal mana cornerstones, we can send them to Vuzgal to be used there. Though we might start running out of places to use them,” Egbert said.
“Nice problem to have.” Rugrat laughed.
“Well, we don’t want to waste them. I don’t think selling them would be the best idea. We just need to find a way to use them and not waste them,” Erik said.
“Well, if anything, we can have people go back to those Crafting trial dungeons, plant a mana storing formation underneath, and then just mine out the mana stones that are created because of it,” Blaze said.
“Mana stone mines—sounds pretty cool,” Rugrat said.
“We’re still far from that. We need tens or hundreds of them in Vuzgal still,” Egbert warned. “That’s all I’ve got!” He sat back and pulled out his newest novel. Bending forward, he was half in the book as he read.
The others in the room smirked, rolling their eyes and shaking their heads.
Erik didn’t even bat an eye and he looked to Jia Feng.
“We’ve increased our student population. Right now, the issue is we have a lot of people in continuing studies. Though I think this will thin out some as people head to the Fourth Realm. The student grant system has gone well. Everyone below the age of sixteen has got a full education and those from sixteen to eighteen get two years of schooling for free, with the remaining years needing to be paid for by them. The Sky Reaching Restaurant and the healing house in Vermire have been great locations for people to apply their skills in real world situations. Though we have run into a small issue that Vuzgal could assist with.
“We have the largest number of high Journeyman healers and cooks. They are improving all the time but they need people to take that next step. If we can get Expert teachers, this would help. The main issue is not advancement—it’s money. They earn good amounts for the First and the Third Realm, but if they were healing people who were in the higher realms, or cooking for higher level people, then they could make more money. With the Sky Reaching Restaurant in Vuzgal, we can adjust to allow them to earn more. Can we do the same with healing?”
Erik frowned and Rugrat pressed his lips together.
“I really don’t want to charge people more for healthcare. For food, that is different; it’s a luxury.” Erik cleared his throat, clearly having some difficulty.
“Why don’t we treat them according to their rank, kind of like the military?” Rugrat said.
Erik gestured for Rugrat to explain.
“Well, like a private, a corporal, and a sergeant have different pay grades. Can we have the same for Apprentice, Journeyman, then like the low, mid, and high level? Keeps it competitive but fair. Money is one thing but some people just like proving their skill and ability, being recognized for it. They show ability; they gain rewards and recognition. Nothing monetary, but can get more time with a teacher, access to greater tools or time in a high grade workshop,” Rugrat said.
Erik looked to Jia Feng.
She thought on the people in the academy.
“How would we decide the pay across the different crafts?”
“The pay would remain the same, one pay for having a Journeyman-level skill and being employed for it by Alva.”
“If they work two jobs with different crafting skills?” Jia Feng asked.
“I might be able to help you with that,” Elise said.
Jia Feng winced internally. It was her job to try to remove problems for Erik and Rugrat, not add more work.
“Thanks.” Jia Feng cleared her throat. “Also, we have found that people who trained in Kanesh Academy are looking for information on Vuzgal. I’m expecting that a number of our alumni will head to Vuzgal or return now that there are more opportunities of upward progression in all crafting areas. That’s all I’ve really got.”
“All right, Blaze, you’re up.” Rugrat drummed his fingers on the desk.
“Well, apparently I am being used to help the military in some way?” he asked with a raised eyebrow.
“Yup.” Erik smiled slyly.
Blaze had a nonplussed look on his face as the corners of his mouth were raised in amusement.
“Okay, well, the Adventurer’s Guild has continued to expand. We have been testing and watching them throughout. The first batch of Alva recruits are ready to be sent over, which should help increase numbers in Alva. Most of them are people who are from the military, crave to be in the military, or those who are interested in a craft but make their money fighting. We selected these people to bolster the strength of the army with veterans while giving people a way to work on their crafting skills. Even if they continue on with the Adventurer’s Guild, they will be stronger and be able to take on higher level positions.
“We have been able to create deals with people in the Third Realm to protect trading caravans that cross between realms. They’re high-paying jobs but send our people across the realms now. We’re looking to expand more, picking out key cities that are along trading routes or in high-traffic areas. We have not expanded into the Fourth Realm. Protecting goods and traders there—most of the traders are allied or part of one sect or another. Through some research, that will need to be validated. Most guard forces have people who are at least level forty-five, up to level sixty. That is a big gap.
“I have put out contracts to farm more monster cores and have running buy orders with the Trader’s Guild. We have set up contracts with traders and the academy for consumables and items, generating a nice little income. As I was told, I have been using everything that the association earns to improve our locations and find new ones. We have had some friction, a few fights here and there—bidding wars on different contracts. I don’t think that much changes with Vuzgal, though it sounds like I should increase our recruitment speed and testing people.”
“Actually, one thing that might really help you is Elan,” Rugrat said.
“Yeah, good point,” Erik agreed.
“You might have heard of Elan Silaz. He’s Qin, Yui, and Domonos’s dad. He ran a trading company down here in the First Realm.” Rugrat’s eyes scanned over to Delilah, who seemed to know what he was talking about. “He has since been recruited into our ranks. He has taken over running our information networks and expanding them. We should have probably invited him to this briefing, but he’s training with the special teams to power level him. Elise, uh, actually, it might be an idea for the three of you to meet, share resources. The informants among the traders and the specialists in the different Adventurer’s Guild have been great at helping us understand what is happening in the realms. Now we want to not only know what’s going on, but affect what happens. He can consolidate our information networks, giving us greater reach. Instead of us all having our own information networks, we have one and it just becomes easier to manage.
“Anyway, getting back to the point.” Rugrat looked up, trying to figure out where he had left off. “Ah! Information, moving places, gotcha! Okay, so, with his help, it might be easier to get contracts. They can help with recruiting, finding out the background of people. They can streamline things for us. So, everything is taken care of and we just need to set up shop and reap the rewards.”
Elise and Blaze looked deeply interested.
“It would be nice to have it all in one place. It is kind of hard to know who is the right person to talk to about different information. Then there are the agents in the Adventurer’s Guild who take over admin and deal with secrets with Alva, while informants just pass along information that they’ve heard on their travels,” Elise said.
Jia Feng wasn’t that interested, but she could see the possibilities. “Would it be possible to use his information networks to find more students and teachers?”
“With time, yes,” Rugrat said.
“May I ask about this whole military training thing?” Blaze asked.
“I have it as part of my report,” Glosil said.
Blaze nodded and sat back as eyes shifted to Elise.
“We’re selling more than ever. With our controls in place, there are very few people defaulting on their payments. Looking forward to moving into Vuzgal and seeing how things are there. Vermire is under our control. Having some problems with the economy of the First Realm. We’re starting to create a reporting system of different prices for different items in the cities. It has led to a massive amount of returns. We are now affecting the First Realm on a regional scale. I have been talking to the traders. We will need to add in controls to make sure we don’t screw up the entire First Realm economy.
“Second Realm—we’re expanding into lots of industry. Third Realm is hard to break into. We basically have people shifting materials for Alva for the Sky Reaching Restaurant, selling ingredients, and finished concoctions. Will take time to expand into Vuzgal—again, harder market to enter, but with time we should be good.” Elise pursed her lips and looked up. “Yeah, that’s about it.” She looked to see whether there were questions before she turned to Glosil.
Glosil checked the pad of paper in front of him.
“The military is undergoing a complete change from the ground up. Basic soldiers will have training in melee and ranged combat, with a small focus on fighting with melee weapons and magic, and a heavy focus on fighting with their weapon system. There will be support elements such as those needed to build, upgrade, and advance equipment. Any upgrades that crafters can create in the academy can be applied to the military to earn compensation. So, new spell scrolls, defensive equipment, offensive equipment, clothing, pills, and concoctions—we will give rewards based upon these different items. We are recruiting personnel from the Fourth Realm, the Adventurer’s Guild, and Alva.
“Vuzgal’s defenses are being built up. The entrance into Alva has been sealed now that we have the teleportation arrays and the totem. Basic training will be carried out in Vuzgal; advanced training will occur in Alva. It is my aim to raise our military strength to fifteen hundred, a battalion strength force. With that, we can have one company in Alva, and three companies in Vuzgal. The next aim will be to create a regiment, which will have close to six thousand soldiers.”
“That is more soldiers than we have residents.” Delilah looked at them.
“We have enough room in Vuzgal to hold at least one hundred, maybe one hundred and fifty thousand people. Most Alvans come from Vermire currently, and they have a population of a few thousand. Vuzgal will be like the floodgates,” Erik said.
“That is a lot of people to deal with. If we expand too fast, then we could lose control over Alva. There is a lot to deal with: housing, food, the academy, trading, and loans,” Delilah said.
“A lot of people will probably remain in Vuzgal and while the soldiers are bound to us, there is a process before they and their family can go to Alva,” Rugrat said.
“With Vuzgal out in the open, it is much easier for us to recruit people there,” Erik said.
“Why are we keeping Alva a secret? Would it be so bad if others knew about us?” Jia Feng asked.
Erik took a deep breath before blowing out his cheeks, but Rugrat beat him to speaking.
“We haven’t run into other dungeon masters. We don’t know if they would care about us or not. What we do know is that we’ve got a lot of resources. In the Ten Realms, it doesn’t matter how people got their power; it’s just the fact that they have power. The Ten Realms is a war zone, and announcing that we are going to build Expert-level workshops has drawn the interest of people who are level sixty. What do you think a sect will do if they find out about Kanesh Academy? With Vuzgal, we have an opportunity to bolster our strength.”
“Well, that kind of doesn’t make much sense,” Blaze added.
“How so?” Rugrat frowned.
“Well, we clearly expect Alva and its people to increase in strength with time. As it does so, then others will of course want to take it from us. At what point do we say that we have enough strength that if we reveal Alva there won’t be an issue?”
Rugrat was stumped and Erik leaned forward.
“Okay, so when would it be okay to reveal Alva?”
“Well, we don’t ever need to purposefully announce it. Though we can allude to the fact we know a secret place to train. Once we have complete control over Vuzgal, we should have a force that can defend and attack. We should have deep ties with the other associations at that time. Being open with them, allowing people to move back and forth between the associations and Alva, that would solidify our ties and using their position, not many people would think about challenging us,” Blaze said.
“I hate using other people’s strength to look after ourselves,” Blaze said, cutting to the crux of their issue. “But as you said, this is the Ten Realms. Unless we’re people from the Divine Realm, people will still want what we have, but they will just be scared shitless to try to take it from us.”
Silence fell over the room. Erik and Rugrat had awkward expressions on their faces but looked at each other, sharing a thought with a glance.
Egbert even broke away from his book for a few moments.
“It makes sense. Doesn’t feel right, but with everything we’re doing, someone is sure to find out eventually,” Erik said.
“Yeah,” Rugrat agreed.
The moment stretched before Glosil cleared his throat and continued. “We have different associations and groups that are interested in purchasing weaponry from us. So that is something to think on.”
“Elise, would you take a look at that? Use Elan’s resources when he gets things going. We’ll need agreements with them to make sure that they don’t use them against us. Only the repeaters and armor at this time. Everything else, we keep to ourselves,” Erik asked.
“I’ll add it to the list,” Elise said, making a note.
Jia Feng smiled and Delilah coughed lightly.
“Our population has increased. We’re reaching nearly sixty percent of the dungeon’s floor capacity. We are recruiting more people than before from across the realms. As Egbert talked about, we are looking to expand this floor. With more people arriving, we need more space for them. We have a large population that moves between the realms. It is hard to contact them at any given time, but many of them own some kind of property in Alva. Working with the blueprint office and Matt, we are planning for the expansion of Alva. With everything, unless we are able to reach other floors, we will be able to hold fifteen thousand people at our current size. With the expansions, we will be able to support forty to sixty thousand people.
“Though the farmers won’t be pleased with those numbers because they don’t have anywhere to grow their crops. The iron deposits that we found in the area have been depleted. We have a greater need for administrators and people to assist with the running of Alva, and it seems that the same can be said of Vuzgal. I would like to ask to recruit people from those in Vuzgal to assist us here. Also, a school to help teach administrators: simple management skills, understanding of more complex ideas like loans, mathematics, and general use information.”
“Could we add that to the basic education?” Erik asked.
“We could, but why?” Jia Feng asked, confused.
“Well, we might know how loans work, how investments work, but the people of Alva might not. It is useful information that can help them in later years. The banking system is new and can be confusing to many,” Erik said.
“Yeah, numbers can be a pain in the ass. Don’t know how many times I went to the bank and came out cross-eyed.” Rugrat shook his head.
“Comes from the guy who can hit a nickel from what, two klicks out?”
“I’ve been practicing, and that math is just simple: air, gravity, bit of heat—pain in the butt with the different planet sizes and gravity differential.” Rugrat’s words sounded as if they belonged to a different language.
“We could add it,” Jia Feng agreed.
Erik looked to Delilah. She nodded.
“I also have some other problems,” Delilah said.
Erik indicated for her to continue.
“We have a number of people who are barely paying their loans and they are looking to get items from the people of Alva. They had the bank extend the duration of their loan as well.” Delilah’s voice hardened.
“What do you think that we should do?” Erik asked.
“I think it is time that they remembered that they are living on someone else’s land and while we want them to increase their strength, we aren’t pushovers,” Delilah said.
“How?”
“We don’t increase the period of time to pay back the loans for them anymore; we treat them the same as everyone else. If their loan defaults, then they become serfs of Alva Dungeon and will be forced to carry out labor in the farms, the Alchemy gardens, or for other jobs that people who don’t need an education are needed for. They will work five days a week there. Their food and lodging will come out of their pay, with the remaining money being used to pay back their loans.”
“What if they can’t pay for their loan because their house is too big?” Jia Feng asked. Most of the people who went to the academy had a loan of one kind or another to pay for their school up front.
“Then we will sell their house and put them in the cheapest housing available,” Delilah said.
“What if they have a family?” Rugrat asked.
“The adults will be put to work and anyone who is seventeen years of age; anyone under that age has to attend the mandatory education anyway. If the child is under five years of age, then one of the adults will be allowed to stay home to take care of them. This was all written out in the loan contract. They either work off their debt, or someone else can pay it off for them, with their own agreement between them,” Delilah said.
“When they’re done paying back the loan?” Jia Feng asked.
“Then they will no longer be forced to work and the agreement will be torn up,” Delilah said.
“Also, the people of Alva have started a project in the central park. They are building a monument from donated funds to remember the fallen.”
Jia Feng knew about the project but most of the others in the room looked a bit stunned.
“From their own funds? We made the Wall of Remembrance.” Erik didn’t sound offended, just confused.
“Alva Army went out there to become stronger to protect them. The military is still protecting us. Even with high levels, people are taking advantage; they’re helping others. Alva has come pretty far. This is a way for the community to come together and show their support for one another and show their gratitude.”
Alva is not just a group of people thrust into the unknown. It’s become a community. A place for people to raise a family, to call home from their long journeys, where they learn, and are taught. Thinking on it, Jia Feng didn’t know another place like Alva in the First Realm. Nor did she know a group of people who acted in the same manner.
“They would like someone from the military to attend the ceremony,” Delilah asked.
“Glosil?” Erik asked, deferring the question.
“For something like this, if it is okay, I would like to bring back some of the friends of those who were lost and attend myself,” Glosil said.
Delilah showed some surprise in her eyes and smiled at Glosil. “That would work perfectly.”
The atmosphere of the room had chilled with everyone thinking on those lost.
“Is there anything else?” Erik looked around. There didn’t seem to be anything.
“Egbert, you get those formations all set up?” Rugrat asked.
“One more chapter,” Egbert said, completely trapped in the book’s pages.
“You always say that, come on, help us or else I’ll only let you get one book a week,” Erik said. One book a month was just cruel and unusual punishment.
“Whaa-aat?” Egbert’s jaw opened to a comical size as he looked at Erik and Rugrat.
“Fun having a minion at times.” Rugrat grinned.
“Highly decorated and respected marine recon sniper, and you still love damn kids’ movies.”
“Wholesome entertainment,” Rugrat defended.
“They’re pretty good.” Erik nodded and focused on Egbert. “Formation, fire it up. Connect the Metal floor.”
“Fine, fine.” Egbert waved his hand.
The table was a circle; underneath, there was a clear floor. One could see the dungeon core below. The refined mana from the dungeon core was directed up into the formation that split it outward. It ran through the walls into the floor so that it could power the entire dungeon. Then it ran through the walls of the headquarters building and up into the formations that sent it up to the mana gathering formation on the ceiling of the dungeon’s floor.
A display of the Alvan floor was displayed above the table. It rose up, showing a floor below. Unlike the times previously, now the map was of much higher quality. One could see what the floor looked like with the different features. There were even moving objects that had to be the creatures on the floor.
A few of them had seen the detailed version of the Metal floor; the others had all seen it before.
They took time to study it. Egbert showed off as he made it come to rest in the middle of the table.
“Unlocking the separating doors,” Egbert said.
Doors that were underneath the dungeon core, covered by the mist of mana that was being pulled in by the mana gathering formations and drawn in by the dungeon core, opened. On the display, a thin tube started to appear, going down through the ground, reaching toward the Metal floor.
“There are formations that run down the length of the tunnel. Each of the floors are blocked off from one another through multiple doors. These sections are largely untouched and have formations to repair themselves. Now that they have power, we can open the doors and we can start to rebuild the different formations.”
“So what will happen once we open all of the gates to the Metal floor? Will we be able to close them again?” Blaze asked.
“Well, think of these as the backup lines. There are other formations that run through the ground that connect the floors. Once we can use this backup way to connect to the Metal floor, we can direct power into the secondary formations, allowing them to repair themselves. Those that are badly damaged will need to be repaired by our teams. Once we have the floor under our control and the formations are restored, then we can close the main tube again. The tubes were how we built the other floors,” Egbert added.
“Built them?” Delilah asked.
“We—the gnomes, that is—built these tunnels to move higher. We used the dungeon core to excavate out the floors. They were just camps, a way out of the Water dungeon that we found ourselves in.
“Once we got to the surface, well, our population was high and we didn’t want to go out there. Our base was much stronger than the gnome nations and there were people who were coming from other places and changing the Ten Realms. So, using the dungeon core, they created blueprints, and with our help, we created floor by floor, building our own safe haven underground.”
“Just the scale of it all is impressive. They had to be amazing builders,” Erik said.
Jia Feng looked at the floor as the tunnels continued to open. She had only ever seen the Alva floor. The fact that there were another five floors underneath them and all of them were larger than the floor she was on excited her, eager to see what would happen as they came under the control of Alva.
“The last door is ready to be opened,” Egbert said.
Jia Feng saw that there were other formations that were also tracing down toward the Metal floor. Some of them went farther than others; some were growing, and others were just lit up.
“I have a preliminary connection with the main command formation. Do you want me to establish contact?” Egbert looked at Erik and Rugrat, turning serious.
“Connect them.” Rugrat’s face split into a smile.
Power from the dungeon core to the mana storing formation reduced. Instead of going into the formations that would power the floor, they went into the tunnel. One could see the formations lighting up as the power traveled down.
“Okay, opening this bottom floor is going to let a lot of mana that has a Metal attribute back up.” Egbert warned, “Opening the last door.”
The door opened and the floors were opened up to one another for the first time in centuries. A beam of power descended from the ceiling and traveled through the air, down to the command formation that was waiting for it. The formation started to activate as power and formations that were across the floor started to come online.
A wave of Metal-attribute mana rushed up into the dungeon core.
Lightning flashed around and rumbled within the closed area. There was too much mana for the mana gathering formation or the dungeon core to handle, so the mana started to spread through the floor.
“Increase the density of the mana on the floor. Turn off the mana gathering formation on the floor and clear up that Metal-attribute mana,” Rugrat ordered as he and Erik pulled up their dungeon interfaces.
“Formations are off. Metal mana being refined,” Erik reported.
“All right, I’ll try to direct the power into the formation, use it to add to the repairs. Egbert, can you stop that power from feeding back into here? We can adjust the mana flow of the floor later,” Rugrat said.
“Working on the control formation on the Metal floor. There are some flaws. It is repairing. I am re-routing some of the formation so that it will function. We will need some more work later.” Egbert looked down, seeing something that the others couldn’t. “Okay, we have some basic control. The mana gathering formations are now working, so that should make sure that we don’t take as much Metal-attribute mana. We are only sending mana down there, not pulling it up anymore. We will still have a higher ambient mana, just with the mana gathering formations up here and the dungeon core. Only a portion as much as what it was before. That was a bit intense.” Egbert laughed.
“The secondary control formations are starting to come online—that’s good. Okay, so there are some routing issues. Looks like there are formations that were destroyed over time. Not as bad as I thought, though. The links will take some time to rebuild.”
“The formations are growing between floors. It’s starting to repair itself,” Elise said as everyone started to refocus on the display.
“Looks kind of like a tree growing roots down and another spreading branches above,” Delilah said.
“When can we close the doors between the floors again?” Glosil asked.
“We can close them as soon as we have some of the linking formations connected. It should take a day or two to complete. I am focusing on rebuilding those formations now. If I can draw more power, then it would be faster,” Egbert said.
“Well, we’re not using it for anything,” Rugrat said.
“All power that is not being used to sustain the floor is to be used to rebuild the formations to connect us to the Metal floor, then the formations,” Erik said.
“Very well,” Egbert said.
The pillar of light reaching up into the ceiling disappeared. The dungeon core headquarters continued to glow with power but all of it was now being diverted down below.
Jia Feng was a little stunned. “So we’re connected to the Metal floor now?”
“That’s correct.” Egbert smiled.
“Well then, Glosil, when are you free to talk about allowing people down to visit?”
The council grinned and smiled. Even Glosil cracked a smile.
“I have one more meeting, but I’ll pay a visit this afternoon to discuss?”
“Works for me.” Jia smiled. She looked at the display showing the two floors.
A dungeon with two floors, a city, an academy—and for some reason, it just feels like we’re getting warmed up. What else will the Ten Realms have in store for us?
Chapter: Undercurrents in the City
Matt looked around Vuzgal. He was one of the few non-military people from Alva who were a high enough level to reach the city. The others were traders or adventurers, with only a few crafters who studied multiple crafts and had been able to increase their Experience with monster cores or by paying people to level them by adding them to a party and killing monsters.
Most of the city is run with people we have oath-bound but are originally from the Fourth Realm or higher and are looking for stability. We’ve only got a few of our own people in key positions. Which is why I’m running around playing so many roles! Wayside Inn manager, Sky Reaching Restaurant architect and manager again!
He rubbed his head as he felt a headache coming on.
“Hey Matt!” Yui called as Matt walked up to the castle.
Matt raised his hand in greeting. “I need a coffee.”
“Don’t you have a storage ring?”
“Hmm.” Matt pulled out a coffee. “Holy Satan’s guch! Shit, that’s hot! Fuck, burnt my tongue.” Matt blew on his tongue and the coffee at the same time. He hadn’t spilled a drop even as he moved around in tongue-induced third-degree coffee-burn pain.
“Forget things stay the same temperature in there?”
Matt’s eye twitched as he stared at Yui.
“Blow on it, makes it cooler,” Yui added.
“Blow me. Why the hell are you so damn awake?”
“Been up for like five hours and got my dose already.” Yui gestured at the coffee cup vaguely.
Matt grunted as he felt his tongue recovering. “Body Cultivation—burnt tongue gone like that,” Matt said. His coffee had cooled enough to make it only mildly scalding. He let out a hot breath. “That’s it. You still training?”
“Every day, all day.” Yui stood at the doorway into the castle. “Let me know if you head out into the city. I can send some people with you.”
“I’ll be fine.” Matt laughed.
“Dude, this might be our city, but it doesn’t mean there aren’t people looking to take advantage of us,” Yui said.
Matt’s easy smile dimmed before he shrugged. “Yeah, makes sense. Hey, have you heard of anyone selling summoning spells?”
“There’s Abil’s place, down Twelve and Baker Street, I heard.”
“Thanks.” Matt perked up. It’s been some time since I added another creature to my collection. Just spending my time working on blueprints and dating. What’s a single guy gonna do?
“All right.” Matt noticed a group of Alva soldiers on panthers off to the side. “Where you off to? Aren’t you training?”
“Seems that the associations started a pissing contest—gonna go and scare them with some undead!” Yui’s smile returned.
“Well, have fun. Don’t stay out too late and remember not to miss dinner.”
Yui rolled his eyes.
“See you later.”
“Later, sir.”
Matt gave a half wave and continued into the Castle District, feeling sorry for the poor bastards who got in Yui’s way.
He passed through the castle gardens. Nearly a third of it, the part where the worst damage was, was filled with construction.
It’s called the Castle District, but it’s bigger than my campus back home. Matt drank his coffee, becoming human. It wasn’t long until he passed through the administrative offices and reached the main office that ran all of Vuzgal.
The men and women there all looked overworked and tired, but they were filled with determined energy.
Matt felt a shiver go down his spine just looking at them. Beware of the mass of white-collar workers!
He sped up his pace unconsciously as they looked at him with hungry eyes. He could feel the heat in their gazes before he reached the main office.
“The acting city lord is only meeting with people with appointments. He is booked for the next three weeks,” the man said as he went through various files.
“Dougie, it’s Matt,” Matt said.
The man looked up from his work. He had only become a part of Vuzgal a few months ago but was a quick study and had shown his ability.
With the needs of Vuzgal, Hiao Xen focused on running the city, while his wife was handling recruitment and screening the different people. She also ran classes for the people who entered Vuzgal. With the city’s prosperity, throngs of people from other realms applied to join Vuzgal. There were plenty of opportunities and mana stones to be made.
For those in the Fourth Realm, if they could find security in one of the most prosperous cities in the Fourth Realm just by working, they were more than willing to do it.
I wonder what will happen when some of them start to disappear, being recruited to Alva?
“Sorry, Master Richardson!” Dougie nearly jumped out from behind his desk. The man routinely turned down the heads from the different associations and high Journeyman-level people, but became flustered in Matt’s presence.
The universe is a weird, weird place. Still have no idea why the Ten Realms exist and why we’re all here.
Erik and Rugrat might be increasing their strength so that they could protect those who followed them, to push their own limits, and chase that ever elusive pinnacle. Matt, though—he only had questions. What was the Ten Realms? Why was he here? Was it random? Did some god descend from the sky and pick him? Was he actually reincarnated?
He shook his head with a smile and waved Dougie down. “Don’t worry about it. I just wanted to make sure that I’m on time for the meeting,” Matt said.
Dougie checked his timepiece. Timepieces were normal for those in the higher realms and the associations. The number of hours in a day might change from one realm to the next, but the timepieces allowed the associations to run smoothly and stay on the same timeline.
“You’re on time, just a few minutes early. I will see if he is ready.” Dougie sent a sound transmission, quickly receiving a reply.
“He is just finishing up some work but he is ready for you.” Dougie pressed a button on his desk to disable a defensive formation.
“Thanks,” Matt said as the door opened.
He looked around the room and laughed to himself. I wonder if anyone has told Hiao Xen that all of the government offices are actually located in the concubine quarters of the castle. All of the rooms here were closer together and didn’t have all of the grand extras of the other rooms. Matt barely held in a snort, masking it as a cough. Or the fact that his office is actually the bedroom of the empress. I don’t even want to think what a blacklight would pull up in here.
Hiao Xen sat at a big desk. Behind him, four sets of tall windows looked out over the city. The city was built on a rise that reached up to meet the valley where the dungeons were found. The castle’s height allowed it to look over the growing city. The emperor’s chambers looked over the valley, and the public areas offered a view of the city. The castle’s original offices had actually been destroyed by the pillar that had fallen on the castle.
Those offices were being renovated to create Vuzgal’s own academy and all of the construction outside was geared toward this.
The new tier-three crafting buildings in the city were taking time to build, but every resource was devoted to completing these crafting facilities.
Matt had designed them personally, from the different pavilions, to the growing library, the internal gardens and living quarters.
Formations had been moved around the castle complex to draw in more mana and hold it there. To anyone using mana, it was a holy land. Its mana density was only rivaled by the mana formations in the valley where the Alchemist Association raised ingredients.
Although they were making massive profits, the cost of the materials to make tier-three buildings wasn’t small. In the dungeon, they could directly upgrade the buildings: simply pay the fee, put the materials together, and bam! Upgraded facility. In cities, it was more like building on Earth. You needed materials, craftsmen, and the kitchen sink to build the damn places. If they wanted to increase the grade of the place? They would need to tear it down and build a new one, or make a new one and then they would probably leave the first because it still served a purpose.
Though I’ve heard that if someone is able to combine the techniques of spell scrolls with blueprint designs, then they can upgrade and change a building with a special blueprint design. It would save a lot of time and resources to just upgrade the existing structures.
In Vuzgal, they were focusing on tier-three workshops. To build tier-four workshops in a city, they would need to ask mid- to high-level Experts or Master crafters to assist. The cost for them to work on something mundane as a workshop would cost months’ worth of Vuzgal’s income.
Which was probably why Delilah has been asking me to buy extra materials, so that they can be funneled to Alva Dungeon for when they upgrade the workshops there.
“Sorry, just finishing this one up.” Hiao Xen quickly finished writing on the report. He took out a stamp and slammed it on the report. The report turned into motes of light and floated out of the window.
“Light-paper,” Matt said.
“Useful material—once enchanted, it can act as a messenger system of sorts, going between two people. It can only be sent with a stamp and then opened with another stamp,” Hiao Xen said in approval.
Matt nodded. It reminded him of messenger systems on Earth, but it had magical paper moving between people instead of an internet connecting them across the world. The light-paper would float across the city as motes of light. With so many communications being sent, you could see clouds of light moving across the city, or shooting off into the distance at night.
Looks pretty, but I bet the poor bastards in the castle wished they could get some sleep instead of being stuck here all night.
“No worries.” Matt took a seat. They’d gotten comfortable with each other over the last couple of weeks. Everything that was planning-related went through Matt before it was finalized, and he or his apprentices had designed every major building in Vuzgal.
Work was only increasing and speeding up.
“Through my contacts, I was able to find around three hundred people for the Sky Reaching Restaurants.” Hiao Xen pulled out a file from his storage ring and passed it over.
“Okay, I’ll pass this off to Jo. She can sort through it and give it the final okay before sending them to the Third Realm for training. It will still be a few weeks before we’re able to open up the second Sky Reaching Restaurant location unless we can recruit more people.”
“What about just opening up the stores?” Hiao Xen asked.
“Why are you so interested in the Sky Reaching Restaurant?” Matt laughed.
Hiao Xen sighed, leaning on his hands. “Every single conversation I have seems to come around to the Sky Reaching Restaurant—when will another location open, when will there be more food?” His eyes narrowed as a dull expression covered his face. “You know how annoying it is talking about ingredient yields with the head of the Alchemist Association and the rent, then having him segue into the Sky Reaching Restaurant? We had discussed all of that in a meeting before, so he was just using the meeting to find out about his favorite restaurant!”
Hiao Xen had a pleading look on his face and Matt couldn’t stop himself from laughing.
“The stores are a good idea. It is much easier to hire people to sell items than get cooks and chefs and train them up to the standards of the Sky Reaching Restaurant,” Matt said.
“Thank you. It should keep me out of at least twenty percent of my useless meetings.”
“Well, you’ll be pleased to know that the last Wayside Inn has been completed. I have people surveying the outer city, and there is another group that is looking at the road to repair it. I talked to the people to the east in the Chaotic lands. For some reduced taxes, they’re willing to put resources toward doing up the roads.” Matt pulled out a contract and passed it to Hiao Xen as he kept talking.
“The defensive bunkers around the outer city are complete and manned. The undead are working on the upgrades within the castle. Primarily the academy. The facilities for admin and living quarters for the admin staff and their families should be completed within the week. The rest of the apartments, grounds, and such should be completed in two weeks. Academy should take no longer than a month.
“I have been able to get some alchemists to replant the gardens. They will increase the mana in the area and secrete relaxing smells. Some landscapers are working with them to create small gardens to give people a place to hang out. It’ll be pretty sweet.
“The places that are in town, they’ll take another two months to be completed. I checked with the alchemists; their walls are all completed now, so no one can get into their areas.”
“The Blue Lotus location just finished completion. They’re going to have their first auction tonight. Are you coming?” Hiao Xen said.
“They usually have some good items, but I’ve got a date and some beers calling my name so I’ll take a rain check.” Matt smiled. People were all looking for him but he was always on the move. Not many knew what he looked like, so the guy with the odd hat and beard was able to hang out in different bars, drinking with his buddies instead of getting trapped in asinine conversations.
The two of them went over the main topics, before Matt hurried off, leaving Hiao Xen looking at his mountain of paperwork as two new reports made of light reconstructed themselves on his desk.
“Why the hell did I agree to this job?” Hiao Xen muttered as Matt left the room.
Matt waved to Dougie, but he was head down in work as well. Matt quickly headed down out of the castle and through some side streets, reaching the crafter’s district that made up the center of the city.
“Bit lopsided right now,” Matt complained. Forces in the west were still stuck in battle while the Chaotic lands to the east were reaping the greatest rewards with trading caravans riding toward Vuzgal. The one problem was that they were going through the roads that the Blood Demon sect had been on. The army had fixed the roads, but just enough for them to pass. Performing thorough repairs was one of Matt’s projects.
Matt took his time walking, listening to the conversations around him.
“A capital city in the middle of the forest with no one around—just how lucky are the city lords?”
“Lucky? I heard that this place was cursed. Those skeletons that do the work of the city? They’ve been fighting here for hundreds of years!”
“They’re just big laborers, though!” The first laughed.
“Laborers? Do you know how strong they are? They’re like level fifty and sixty, some of them!”
“I hear if you join the military then they will help you level up your cultivation and overall level to level forty-five!”
“Level forty-five? Most fighting forces start at level thirty. They don’t have many people. Must be pouring out mana stones to get people to level forty-five!”
Matt turned the corner, passing a tailor shop.
“Vuzgal? Should be called a paradise for crafters,” one said.
“I heard that the associations are all thinking about opening recruiting here. If they do, not only can you get access to the dungeon with its workshops, you can join an association.”
“The biggest fact isn’t the associations—it’s the workshops. I have a cousin working in the castle. He said that if this is a paradise, then inside the castle is a holy land. And their requirements to let people in aren’t about crafting skill, but rather one’s willingness to learn!”
“Are they recruiting? I should go and look!”
“I’ll come too!”
“What are you talking about?” the tailor of the shop asked as he walked forward.
“Uh!”
“Going for drinks later!” the quicker-minded one blurted out.
“Focus on your work! It’s so hard to find good workers,” the man complained.
Matt grinned as he passed a tea house.
“It might cost a lot to reach Vuzgal, but they have thought ahead. With the Wayside Inns, it allows a great number of people to visit for only a few days and then leave again. The taxes are low and the city is built with crafters in mind.”
“The city lords even leveraged the associations into supporting them. I heard that they charged the later adopters more.” Another trader laughed.
“Each of the associations have their own headquarters here, but Vuzgal has become the most powerful city not ruled by the associations,” the first said.
“How can you say that? It is only a tenth the size of some of those headquarter cities.”
“It is for now. It has only existed for a few months, but there is still more land for sale and there is plenty room for them to expand,” the first trader said wisely.
Matt simply smiled to himself, looking at the construction and the buildings that were rising all over the city by the minute.
***
“Commander,” a girl in the large column of people called out as she pointed to the sky.
Bai Ping looked where she was pointing, shielding his eyes. He saw the pillar sticking into the sky.
Finally.
“If we pick up the pace, we should be there in an hour,” he said.
The pillar had been covered by the tree coverage and it was only by chance that the little girl had seen the pillar.
The men and women in the group had relieved looks on their dirt-covered faces.
They had been living in a simple city, Ulinheim, with only a few hundred thousand people. They were the rejects from the different sects. They had neither backing nor innate abilities.
So they had carved out a life for themselves in the inhospitable mountains away from dungeons that drove the people of the Fourth Realm crazy.
They had focused on farming and other simple crafts, selling to passing caravans, or sending people to a nearby city as traders.
Then war broke out in the mountains. Different groups fought one another, and Ulinheim, which was in a pass, was suddenly in the way of an advancing army.
The city of one hundred thousand had been attacked in the night.
Bai Ping had only escaped with his sisters, his uncle, and cousins. His uncle was badly wounded and, being the highest ranked guard, Bai Ping had taken command. They had gathered together as many people as possible and then set off to the east, toward Vuzgal. It was a neutral city. As long as they got there, they could try to find jobs, or they could teleport to other places where they had family members.
Bai Ping’s family had all been guards. Each of them was strong, but it was incredibly hard for them to increase the strength of their Body or Mana Gathering Cultivation, so they were dismissed by others. They had been a community pillar in Ulinheim, but now in their group of fourteen hundred, there were just eighty members of the Bai family.
Bai Chang, one of his cousins, jogged up from where she had been guarding.
“Uncle isn’t looking well,” she said with a look.
“We’ll be at Vuzgal soon. We can try to get a healer to look at him there,” Bai Ping said.
***
Hiao Xen let out a heavy sigh as he looked at the Blue Lotus from within his carriage.
The streets had been cleared and repaired; buildings had been torn down or repaired as if they had never been damaged.
He knew that beyond the central district, roads were still being repaired. The buildings weren’t being rebuilt, just left. Only the crafting workshops were being repaired, or stripped and their materials used to build other crafting areas of Vuzgal.
Already people are looking to buy more land within the city. Once the auction house is built, we’ll start selling off some more tracts of land. The prices have increased dramatically. People are filling up the Wayside Inns. Those who bought land before are holding onto it, preparing to build compounds and manors upon them.
People were running back and forth. There was plenty to be done and only so much time in a day. There were plenty of jobs to be had. The military and the administration of Vuzgal were both recruiting. Even taking on odd jobs for people who were working or living in the city was enough to sustain new people entering the city.
The Vuzgal bank had opened its doors, allowing people to invest their mana stones there and awarding large loans to others. The injection of funds allowed people to quickly create and grow business ventures. New trading houses were working out of the Wayside Inns and renting space along the main roads.
Adventurers came through to go to the dungeons; crafters filled the streets. Each group assisted and drove the others.
They reached the Associations’ Circle. It was down the road from the castle compound. The main street ran into a large roundabout park with small shops and secluded areas for one to get away from the busy city. There was even a large pond in the middle of the park.
Around the outside of the roundabout, the main road ran from the castle compound, through the inner city and outer city splitting into the west, north, and eastern roads.
In a circle, one could see the grand buildings: The utilitarian Adventurer’s Guild with their main administration building, and attached hostel and store. The Crafter’s Association’s different segmented buildings, each supporting a symbol for the different associated craft. Their main admin building rested in the middle, with the Crafter’s Association emblem carved into its wall.
The Alchemist Association with their compound, their administration building at the front with other buildings visible inside the walled compound. Then there was the Blue Lotus building, created from blue, gold, and white stone—a lotus flower blooming.
Each of them take up a quarter of the area. The size and grandeur of the buildings reflect the power of the administrators and how powerful they think that the area they are in is. These buildings are comparable to the ones you would see for a regional headquarters. I wonder what we’ll need to do to get this to an outer headquarters location standard. Hiao Xen smiled to himself, remembering the humble buildings that had been erected when the associations started to arrive. Behind their main fronts were walled compounds for people to stay in from their association. The Crafter’s Association’s quarters were growing to be as big as their administrative building, with crafters wanting to join in on the trial. They were expending a massive amount of resources to build Expert-level crafting areas to be on the same level as the proposed facilities in Vuzgal and the Crafting trial dungeon.
The front of the Blue Lotus was filled with guards keeping people back and checking invitations.
Hiao Xen’s carriage came to a halt.
Everyone looked at the guards sporting their strange armor and helmets. Their new glasses made it hard to see their eyes.
Lieutenant Yui had assigned them to assist Hiao Xen, augmenting his personal guard. They rode on their sleek black panthers, completely armored, with their repeaters mounted on top.
It might be a bit over the top, but it sends a message, and a powerful one.
Hiao Xen stepped out as the guards with him looked around.
People called out as they saw him leave his carriage and walk to the entrance.
Two of the Vuzgal guards followed, scanning the area as they moved. There was something cold and calculating about them—a difference between them and others that made them seem predatory.
Yui and Erik explained that before they took Vuzgal, they had just been Alva adventurers. Then, with taking Vuzgal, since they had a city and they wanted to look good in the eyes of the associations, they called themselves the Alva Army.
Sects have forces as powerful as them, but what group of adventurers coming from the Earth realms could be so powerful? Then there is the matter of just how they took Vuzgal. No one knows how, and they’re not talking about it. Though taking the city might explain how they have such high levels. It doesn’t explain how they became professional soldiers with high Mana Gathering Cultivation and Body Cultivation, or have so many open mana gates.
Hiao Xen knew that Erik, Rugrat, and their people were keeping secrets from him. That didn’t mean he was going to look into them. If they weren’t telling him, he trusted there was a good reason not to. They didn’t pry into what he knew of the Blue Lotus or push him to use his authority. It was a careful dance and Hiao Xen made sure to do his job and carry out what they asked of him.
He was about to present his invitation when the vice leader of the location personally walked up with a wide smile on her face.
“Manager Hiao, it is good to see you,” she said with a light laugh.
Hiao Xen smiled. He could see that she was very good at her job, as he already started to feel comfortable around her. A few months ago, he would have found it hard to get an audience with her. Now she was taking the chance to talk to him, ignoring others.
Hiao Xen cupped his hands in greeting. “Miss Shriver, it is good to see you. I am sorry that I have not been able to see you.”
“You are a busy man, running one of the largest cities in the Fourth Realm. I can understand that getting a meeting with you can be incredibly difficult.” She gave him a small bow, lower than his, speaking to his new position and she easily looped her arm into his. “Come. I will take you personally to your viewing box.”
The guards looked on, unfeeling expressions on their faces. Half of them were originals from the Alva Army; the second half were personal guards Hiao Xen had brought over.
Some of the Alva guards looked over. Miss Shriver lit up the room with a smile and her looks.
They looked away, focused on their job.
Hiao Xen’s guards had seen everything, checking her over with professional interest and then checking the surroundings as they were led to a grand elevator built on formations. They rose up, looking out of the elevator over the main lobby.
“Have you told her the truth of the matter?” Hiao Xen’s voice dropped as his expression turned conflicted.
“Zhen Fu is a respected Expert-level tailor and she has a large pull with other Experts. After all, everyone needs clothes.”
Hiao Xen’s expression turned neutral and Miss Shriver tried to look through that expression and find out what he was thinking.
You must treat everyone equally; that was what Erik said. She is an Expert-level crafter so I will have to humor her for this meeting, but we will have to see.
The elevator stopped and Miss Shriver guided him to a door. The guards followed and they studied the guards who stood on either side of the door in front of them.
Miss Shriver walked forward, defusing the tense atmosphere as the door opened for her.
There were a few guards in the back of the room and then a woman sitting in the only chair in the room, smoking something.
Her robes flowed over the chair, dragons and tigers weaving between lilies. They were so vivid that it looked as if they were truly running across the cloth, with the light playing over them.
“Expert Zhen, this is Hiao Xen,” Miss Shriver said.
Zhen Fu took another puff of her smoke.
Hiao Xen crossed his arms, frowning as he tucked them into the sleeves of his robes. He had Experts looking for meetings all the time. He ran a city that had no less than ten Experts within it and more who visited regularly.
Bowing to her would not show his impartiality.
Zhen Fu let out a lazy stream of smoke as Miss Shriver continued to bow.
Hiao Xen looked past Zhen Fu and over the massive auction house that the Blue Lotus had created. There were ten floors in total, with the ground floor covered with people talking to one another and greeting their neighbors. Each of the people down there controlled a powerful faction that could be called pillars for any city they decided to settle in. The remaining nine floors were filled with private boxes. The lowest people were city lords of the lowest grade, with the mid- and high-level city lords above them; sect leaders in the third tier to the sixth; with the middle managers of associations in the seventh; with their more powerful figures in the eighth and ninth. On the tenth, there was only one box: the box reserved solely for the leaders of Vuzgal.
Its construction might have only been completed in a few months, but it was the largest auction house that Hiao Xen had been in and the most opulent. He couldn’t accurately estimate the cost of the building.
Zhen Fu finally let out an irritated exhale of smoke, giving Hiao Xen an aggravated side eye.
He stopped surveying the auction house and looked back to her, his expression calm.
“You have been rented out to the city lords but you already think that your standing is much higher than before!”
Hiao Xen stood there, her words not affecting him in the slightest.
“I have sent two messengers to your office in order to get access to the dungeon, but they have both been denied. Have you forgotten your roots?” she said in a dangerous tone.
“There are rules in pl—”
“I do not care for your legal speak. Get me access to the dungeon and to the facilities within the castle or else don’t blame me for being unkind!” She turned her head to face forward again as she took an irritated puff of her smoke.
“You will have to follow the same process as all others. Just because we share the same background does not mean I can give preferential treatment. I will not tell the city lords about this unless they ask, which is the only grace I can give you. I hope you have a good day, Expert Zhen.” He cupped his hands and turned to leave.
Zhen Fu choked on her smoke as she tried to talk.
Hiao Xen got to the door. The two guards there blocked him, their power overbearing and pressuring Hiao Xen.
“Move out of the way or else I’ll have you kicked out of Vuzgal,” Hiao Xen said to the guards, not showing any weakness to them.
They stood there, as Zhen Fu got herself under control.
Hiao Xen tapped his sound transmission device.
There was a noise outside before the door opened.
The guards looked to the door as the Alva Army guards held their rifles, ready.
“Acting City Lord?” one of the Alva Army asked.
“Meeting ran longer than I thought,” Hiao Xen said.
He walked out of the room, and the guards moved out of his way.
“Very good, Hiao Xen, very good!” Zhen Fu said, her fury clear in her words.
“I hope you enjoy the auction, Expert Zhen.” Xen left the floor and went to the elevator.
***
Miss Shriver didn’t know what to do. She had an idea of what Zhen Fu wanted when she had recruited Miss Shriver’s help.
I didn’t think that he would be so unyielding. If he just allowed her access to the workshops and materials in the castle, then he would have gained a supporter. Instead, he slapped her face.
“This Hiao Xen forgets his position. He is only a lowly half manager in the bottom of the Fourth Realm!” Zhen Fu said, letting out her fury and stomping her foot. “It looks like it will come to this elder to teach him the truth of the world!”
Miss Shriver wanted to say something, to calm Zhen Fu and try to de-escalate the situation when she saw movement on the highest floor. Hiao Xen sat in the highest seat in the auction house. An attendant came up, giving him a tea as people in the auction hall all looked to him.
The acting city lord was the most powerful figure within Vuzgal, but it was normally impossible to see him as he was dealing with running the actual city.
Hiao Xen took a tea from an attendant. Seeing the stares and people talking about him, Hiao Xen raised his cup and smiled to them all.
Others bowed and smiled back to him.
Zhen Fu had arrived just a few days ago, but Miss Shriver had been here ever since they found out about the crafter dungeon and the two extra hidden dungeons in the valley.
She had seen Hiao Xen enter the position of acting city lord.
I thought that he was in over his head. But he has been totally neutral in his treatment of everyone. Now, not even the guards from the associations dare to accept a bribe for the fact that they will be kicked out of Vuzgal. The Alva Army is a mysterious organization and the profits as well as the bank have driven people from across the Fourth Realm to call Vuzgal the upcoming trading capital of the Fourth Realm. Is his unwillingness to get into the political games of the associations and running the city a weakness or a strength? I will have to make sure to protect the Blue Lotus. No matter what Zhen Fu decides, this could be seen as a test of sorts to see his resolve.
“There he stands, thinking himself a lord above us all. I, Zhen Fu, will not let anyone stand over me! I might not have fighting strength, but there are plenty who owe me a favor or are willing to act in my stead. Let’s see what he does when he draws their ire.” Zhen Fu had a malicious look in her eyes. As she smoked, the corners of her mouth curled up into a cruel smile. “Watch—I will play you to death, Hiao Xen. Not even the Blue Lotus will willingly accept you back into our ranks.
“Miss Shriver, get me the names of the Experts in Vuzgal. Hiao Xen will come back, begging for forgiveness on his knees. Power doesn’t come from one’s skill—it comes from one’s ability to move others! You should learn it well.” Zhen Fu waved her hand, dismissing Miss Shriver.
Miss Shriver bent lower in her bow before she left. As soon as she was past the guards, a conflicted look appeared on her face.
I don’t know what will happen in the future. The Hiao Xen of the Blue Lotus would have done her bidding, but now he refuses to budge. It’s said that he might even have the ear of Elder Lu from the headquarters. I need to report this to the manager.
***
As the sun had lowered, they got closer and closer to the pillar standing over Vuzgal.
Bai Ping felt relief as the road ahead opened up. The trees gave away to cleared ground. It was patchy, with ditches and hills, signs of a battle not long past showing. Closer to the wall, the ground had been leveled out. Mages could be seen walking around with groups of knights, repairing the ground.
Everyone felt relieved seeing the capital.
Why haven’t they repaired the walls? It looks as if they’re even tearing them down in some places. Bai Ping and the others continued along the road that curved toward the massive gates of the capital.
“Riders!” someone called out from the rear.
“Move to the side to let them pass,” Bai Ping said in a tired voice. The fighting, the journey across unknown terrain with fourteen hundred people relying on him, and the pressure started to lift as he continued to march. He could just envision collapsing on his bedroll; even a nice piece of ground would be enough.
Why would there be riders coming all this way? Are they going to Vuzgal as well? Something in the back of his mind made him frown and forget his bedroll.
“Bai Chang, go and get the guards together. Watch those riders,” Bai Ping said.
Bai Chang looked as though she wanted to argue. They were in sight of the city, after all. “Yes, Commander.” She moved to the rear.
People started to talk in excited voices with one another, repeating rumors that had grown on the journey. They picked up their pace and lifted their feet up.
Why are they taking down their wall? Are they that confident of not having anyone attack them? Bai Ping was still confused as they kept marching.
A blast of light appeared from the rear of the group as the riders attacked with spells and ranged weapons.
“Attackers!” someone yelled as others screamed.
The tide of people sped up as they pushed forward.
“Shit! Everyone, get moving toward the city! Guards, with me!” Bai Ping yelled.
People broke out into a run as they rushed along the road. Some ran over the uneven ground, trying to get away from the riders.
Bai Ping could hear them pleading with the people of Vuzgal to help them. He focused on the rear, seeing the rear guard firing arrows and spells at the riders. They killed a few, but their armor was strong and they were higher levels. Bai Ping’s body froze up for a second.
They’re going to kill us.
He had to force himself to breathe as he drew his sword.
I’ll try to buy them some more time.
He looked at the other guards. They weren’t strong, barely as capable as the soldiers of the sect armies, but it was their families and friends who they were protecting.
What was their life if they could save a few more of the villagers they swore to protect?
“With me!” Bai Ping yelled as he charged toward the rear with the guards. They were tired and broken, but they still had their honor and their fighting spirit.
They had been losers all of their life—what was one more loss to them?
“Archers and mages in the rear. Those with spears and shield, up front—cover the road! Swords and melee fighters in the middle!” Bai Ping organized them as they ran. People were hit by arrows from the riders or spells, crying out or just dropping to the ground soundlessly.
Bai Ping yelled louder, trying to not look at those who dropped and drowning out the screams of the wounded.
***
Sergeant Sun Li was taking a break from training and was on patrol of the outer defenses.
Vuzgal’s walls were opened, making it seem to be inviting people in. The pillars that were part of the walls remained and there was a low wall that soldiers could use as cover and fire over. But the fifteen-meter-tall and six-meter-wide walls were now building materials to rebuild Vuzgal’s buildings, create the Sky Reaching Restaurants, and the Wayside Inns, and fix the roads and the amenities that ran through the city.
Only when someone got close would they see that in the rise leading up to the small wall, a multi-layered bunker system had been buried into the ground. The tripwires, barbed wire, and obstacles were constantly being worked on. It was a great way to teach the recruits to pay attention and built character with physical jobs.
He passed one of the skeletons that was being fitted with new armor and weapons. Apparently, they would grow in strength with time, but otherwise, better weapons, armor, and concoctions applied to the bones assisted them in the short-term.
They were the backbone of Vuzgal’s defense until more recruits were able to become soldiers.
All of them had sworn oaths that would keep their lips sealed, but still none of them had been sent to Alva yet or learned about it.
Until they graduated their course, they were just recruits and could fail out at any time.
The sun was starting to go down and the lights of Vuzgal came on. The city never slept, with crafters working around the clock. Bars and cafes were filled with people from across the Fourth Realm. People celebrated their success or drank away their worries. Agreements were made and trades agreed to. Weary travelers arrived, and others went home.
The Blue Lotus was a hive of activity as the first auction was underway. There wasn’t one spare seat in the entire building. Everyone was interested in seeing what the Blue Lotus would bring out.
Sun Li felt as though he were seeing the start of something great, something he couldn’t imagine where it was going to go.
He ducked as he passed from one bunker to the next.
“What is that?” one of the sentry teams said as they looked out from the bunker over their heavy repeater position.
“It’s moving—a group of people?” the other asked.
Sun Li went up to their position.
“Sarge,” one said in greeting.
“As you were,” Sun Li said. He used a new spell, enhancing his vision and making it easy to see through the dim dusk light.
He could see the group of tired travelers coming out of the forest from the west. “Looks like refugees from the west. Seems we’re going to have a few late-night arrivals. Send word to the reserve force. We’ll need their help to process everyone into the city. Must be a few thousand of them.”
One of them started to pass a message back through command via sound transmission.
Sun Li was about to head off and gather some soldiers up to help with processing them all. With fifty or so trained military personnel and over two hundred being trained, there was only twenty or so trained military personnel within Vuzgal.
They were spread thin. Thankfully, with the undead knights and mages, they had an extra five thousand.
The associations took off some of the stress with their presence and the guards who were there to defend the associations’ interests. They wandered the short wall instead of the bunker system.
Fat chance that they’ll help. Unless it is a threat to their associations, they won’t step out.
Sun Li didn’t hate them for it; he understood their position. They had their own orders and priorities. We need more damn soldiers. Wait, was that a flash?
He looked over to the group coming along the road. He saw more flashes as people started to run.
Instinctively, he knew that they were being attacked.
“Someone wants to start fighting outside our gates?” Private Lee said, his voice heated.
“Sound the alert.” Sun Li raised his sound transmission device to his lips. “Lieutenant Yui, this is Sergeant Sun Li. Message, over.”
“Listening. Go on,” Yui said back.
They still didn’t have radio procedure down completely.
“There is a group of people coming down the western road. They entered the open area in front of Vuzgal. It looks like they are being attacked from the rear. The group is now fleeing across the open fields and down the road. What are your orders?”
“Are they within our borders?” Yui asked.
“Yes, sir,” Sun Li said.
Sun Li found himself connected into a command channel.
“I am deploying flying undead to survey the area and give us updates on the battlefield and be ready to engage the enemy at long range. Sergeant Sun Li, you are to take a rifle squad and mount up with mounted undead knights to engage those who are fighting within our lands. Understood?”
“Understood, sir!”
“Sergeant Hall, you will coordinate with the front lines and provide mortar support. If they start running, I want you to chase them right off our road with your mortars. Sergeant Acosta, move to the front lines to take over the management of our line defenses. All other sergeants are to ready their forces to move if necessary. Understood?”
“Understood!” They chorused back.
“Get to work.” Lieutenant Yui closed the channel as Sun Li opened another to his squad.
“All right, ladies and gents, form up at the main gate. We have a mission.”
He ran through the bunkers. Skeletons that had been working across the city stopped what they were doing and gathered into formations. Those at the walls readied the ballistas they were manning, and scanned the area, looking for threats and acting as sentries that would cut down anything that moved.
Sun Li left the bunker system, running through a trench and up into the dusk.
He opened his beast storage device. His panther appeared and he jumped onto her. He hooked his feet into his stirrups and checked the repeater mounted on her back. He pulled back the dual cocking mechanism, loading the dual heavy repeaters.
He saw the rest of his squad streaming in from their positions, riding their panthers through the streets. People rushed to clear a path as they thundered past. Those who didn’t move fast enough, the panthers would jump over, or jump on the walls, leaving marks behind as they rushed forward with their grim-faced riders.
Sun Li looked up as aerial mages shot overhead, gathering mana as they cut across the skies and looked down at the fighting.
From the bunkers and in the city, beasts of all kinds made up of bones appeared, draped in armor. Atop, knights rode; they fell into columns, streaming together as they reached the gates, which were being opened by two massive death knights.
“Corporal Stenbock, is everyone here?” Sun Li asked.
“Just waiting on Webb and Shao. They were posted the farthest away,” Stenbock snapped off as her panther pawed the ground.
“Okay, everyone listen up! Make sure that Webb and Shao hear this too!” He raised his voice so that they could all hear him.
“There is a group of people coming from the west road—look like civilians, cannot confirm if they are or not. For some reason, it looks like they were attacked from behind. We do not know if either of these forces are friendly or if this is some kind of ruse. Do not trust anyone other than our people. We have mortar support if we require it. If something feels off, let me know. Stay with your fire team. Make sure you are partnered up! Our objective is to make the two forces disengage from one another. Objectives may change on the battlefield, so listen for new orders. Once we have separated the two forces, then it will be our job to contain and process them if need be, or engage them if they have hostile intent. Understood?”
“Understood!” they replied.
“Good!” Sun Li saw Webb and Shao rounding the corner. He gestured Corporal Stenbock at them. She moved over to them as they started to go through the gates, rows of the undead moving with them in formation.
***
Hiao Xen had invited the leaders and people of high standing and power from Vuzgal to meet and join him on the tenth level, allowing them to talk to one another easily.
The lights in the auction house dimmed. Hiao Xen looked down on the stage. Everyone moved to their seats as the auctioneer, an older man with a refined bearing, stepped onto the stage.
“Hello, everyone, and welcome to the first auction hosted by the Blue Lotus in Vuzgal. Today we have brought out some of the finest items I have laid eyes on to commemorate the event!”
People clapped, their eyes glowing as the older man smiled calmly.
“We shall start with the first item!”
A cart was rolled out onto the stage as Hiao Xen got a sound transmission.
Who is sending me a—
“Lieutenant Yui?” Hiao Xen asked, his brows locking together.
“There is a group of refugees headed for Vuzgal. They were attacked as they entered the area outside of Vuzgal. Sergeant Sun Li is leading his rifle squad and supporting mounted undead to sort out the situation and if needed, render support,” Yui reported.
Hiao Xen wanted to say something to dissuade him. After all, they were the guarding force of Vuzgal; if they got into a fight to look after some refugees, then people might look on them badly. Though he also knew that although Yui was technically under his command, on something like this, Erik and Rugrat would back him fully.
“Let me know if I can be of any help,” Hiao Xen said.
“Will do. Yui out.”
We can spin it to show our strength and show that no one is allowed to fight on our land without our say-so. That way, people won’t think we’re soft. I will have to look into the refugees. We can’t take in people who aren’t willing to do any work when there are people trying to enter Vuzgal paying tens of Earth mana stones. Though it could help with the recruiting work if people who are looked down on by other groups come to Vuzgal to do our tests. I should think about putting up testing centers in other cities—maybe talk to the associations about it?
The Fourth Realm was a violent place. Even knowing that there was a fight going on outside of the city, Hiao Xen had confidence in the Alva Army to protect the city, so he dismissed it from his mind. That was Yui’s area of expertise; his was completing the tasks he had been given by Erik and Rugrat.
***
Bai Ping let out a yell, sidestepping a fellow guard to land a hit on the rider’s beast.
The beast let out a pained cry and tilted away from the attack. Its rider swung their spear, striking the other guard and sending them flying to the side as their mount plowed into another guard, who let out a scream as they rushed on by.
Bai Ping didn’t have time to look as he hacked at another mounted rider and hit them. The power from their charge turned his sword, making him grunt in pain as his shoulder informed him it was no longer located in his socket.
“You have entered the territory of Vuzgal. Place down your weapons or you will be fired upon. You have ten seconds to comply!” A man’s voice cracked through the air.
Bai Ping turned and looked where it had come from. He saw an army from hell. Undead riders with their glowing eyes rushed down the road and came out across the plains to encircle the civilians who had fled, as well as the attackers.
Do they think that we are trying to attack them? Bai Ping thought in fear.
The commander of the attacking mounted forces altered their direction, moving to clash with the undead.
“Anyone who dares to interfere will be destroyed!” the commander yelled back. As his people formed up and charged forward, Bai Ping’s heart dropped.
He knew just how strong that army was. They had gone through the shield and spear guards that made the rear guard without pausing, killing guards with a flash of a blade or the jab of a spear.
Bai Ping and his guards had maybe killed ten of the mounted attackers; they had killed nearly fifty guards, killing civilians as if they were annoying flies.
They don’t see us as a threat. If they can finish off the Vuzgal force, then they can kill us without issue.
“Time’s up.” The Vuzgal commander’s voice was emotionless and there was a noise from above.
Bai Ping looked up to see undead mounts coming from the sky. Mages, who had prepared spells already, released them upon the charging attackers. The road was turned into a hell.
Meteors formed and shot into the attackers, exploding into flames and rocks. Shards of ice rained down. Lightning moved like a snake through the clouds above, causing the road to explode. In seconds, the organized group of attackers was in chaos.
Smoke covered the battlefield as the spells reaped lives. The attackers diverted, trying to spread into the woods to the north and the open ground to the south to get off the road.
The formation of undead had opened up at some point and a force on panthers was revealed. Bai Ping could see it as he was on the side of the road, but those on the road couldn’t see the force.
Bai Ping’s stomach dropped at the smooth flow of movements and organization as weapons on top of the panthers fired again and again. Large bolts shot into the clearing smoke, cutting down mounted attackers.
The smoke cleared as the Vuzgal mounted forces, human and undead, cut through the mounted attackers. As the smoke cleared and they were being torn apart by the Vuzgal guards, the attackers had lost all of their morale and now turned and ran as fast as they could, looking to escape.
They rushed down the road, avoiding everyone. Bai Ping saw the fear in their eyes, a complete change from the disdain and confidence they had when cutting through his group.
“Put your weapons on the ground and wait to be seen to. Emergency medical aid will be provided. Again, put down your weapons or we’ll take off the limb holding it,” the man said.
Bai Ping looked to the other guards, all of them silently asking him what to do.
He tossed his blade on the ground.
They gritted their teeth and did the same.
Now we just see what the people of Vuzgal are like.
They were separated into groups. There were people among the army who used different healing spells and items they had to put the wounded together and patch them up.
The smaller cities wouldn’t be willing to try to heal them, only move them to the side of the road so they didn’t clog it up.
Skeletons acted as guards, each of them standing like statues. But when given orders by the Alva Army, they moved to obey.
They cleared the battlefield and started to work on the road. Some dug dirt; others packed it down.
The army moved systematically, dealing with the wounded first as another group interviewed the refugees according to what they wanted to do. They were given different passes accordingly.
The wounded were all stabilized, with even those who were on death’s door recovering. Still, there were nearly a thousand people who had been killed by the riders.
“Bai Ping?” a woman asked, looking at the group of people that Bai Ping was part of.
Bai Ping’s stomach tightened but he stood up, the guards looking over as the woman checked the sheet of information that she had.
“Follow me,” she said.
He did so, reaching a man who sat on a chair. A large panther lay down lazily behind him.
He petted the panther, which cracked an eyelid to look at Bai Ping before closing it again, looking at something more interesting in the forest.
The man pulled out a chair and put it on the ground. “Thanks, Corporal,” the man said.
“Sir,” the corporal said and left.
The man waved to the chair.
That voice—is he the leader of this group? The one who was yelling at the riders?
“Bai Ping.” The man looked him over.
Bai Ping didn’t feel as though there was much of an age difference between them, but something about the movements of the other man, something in his eyes added years to him and made Bai Ping think that he was a dangerous man to cross.
“Your city destroyed, family broken, you took three days to collect people from the city, gathering fourteen thousand people and struck out for Vuzgal. Nearly two weeks of hard marching, with everyone a low level and the weakest of those in the Fourth Realm, many of which who aren’t even level thirty, but were stuck in this realm because of their birth.” The commander let out a mirthless laugh.
“You know, in the lower realms, everyone thinks that being born in a higher realm gives everyone an unfair advantage. They forget the part where everyone is born at level one. That, yes, in the higher realms it is easier to get more resources and that the higher mana will make one’s body a bit stronger. It also means that more children die who are not from the groups that have the resources, the mana and the environment so harsh that they can’t survive for more than a few years. First Realm or the Fourth, you need resources in order to get stronger. Few of the people in your city had enough money to get enough Stamina concoctions or ingredients. Even if they wanted to, how could they descend to the lower realms to live a comfortable life?” The man let out a sigh and sat forward, shifting his armor around without conscious thought.
“My name is Sergeant Sun Li. I would like to offer you a job.”
Bai Ping choked up as he nodded, unable to speak. He had seen the might of the man on the battlefield.
“Join the Vuzgal army. Training will take three months, but you’ll be well cared for, with food and shelter. We’re looking for more recruits right now,” Sun Li said.
“Why?” Bai Ping choked out.
“Why? Good question. Mostly because it takes balls to do what you did. You could have left everyone behind but you didn’t. I don’t care about your strength or your ability. That can be learned or increased with time. What matters is character. You seem like the kind of person who has the right stuff. Vuzgal might be the chance that you all need. We are recruiting people to be taught all of the crafting professions, the military, administration, and countless other jobs needed to run the city.”
“Wouldn’t we bring shame with how weak we are?” Bai Ping asked.
Sun Li smiled and then started to laugh before he snorted and fell into a sigh.
Bai Ping didn’t know how to react and just sat there, his anxiety growing, thinking he had pissed off Sergeant Sun Li.
“There was a time that I was weaker, much weaker than you are now. Levels, cultivation—they take work, but with the army, you at least have a guide and information on how to increase both.”
Bai Ping sunk into thought as Sun Li pulled out a piece of paper, a contract.
On it were terms listed for joining the Vuzgal army.
“Think it over,” Sun Li said.
Bai Ping took this as his dismissal. He bowed to Sergeant Sun Li and then headed back to the group of people he was with.
He shared what he knew as group by group went to the border officers, a strange group of people who asked what they were doing, where they were staying and so on. There were also recruiters. These people worked to find them a job suitable for those who were interested.
Bai Ping stood in front of one of the recruiters and passed them the contract Sergeant Sun Li had passed him, with his sign on it.
“You’ll report to Barracks E for testing. Here is a tag for the apartment you will be allowed to use. While you are training, your family can use this. If you fail out of training, then the premises are to be cleared out in forty-eight hours.” The recruiter pulled out pieces of paper and information.
“Understood,” Bai Ping said.
“Good luck,” the recruiter said with meaning, passing him the papers. “Next!”
Chapter: Adjusting to New Roles
Lord Aditya looked over Vermire. It had never been more prosperous. I’ve never been so at ease. Even if someone was to challenge us, I find it hard to understand how we would lose. We used to accept all the people who came to our outpost; now we can pick them and are removing the cancers in the outpost. The people are stronger than ever. With the best of the new people being sent to Alva, then the power backing us only grows.
Aditya touched his hand to the letter that was inside his jacket.
“You called?” A woman’s voice came from behind Aditya.
He turned to see one of his “guards.” She didn’t look special, rather unremarkable, which was the best for her position. She was the person in charge of the information collected from Vermire and its sources.
“Miss Evernight, I was wondering if I could pass this to you.” Aditya took out the letter from inside his jacket and passed it to her.
She frowned and then opened the letter. Her expression changed. It was the only time that Aditya had seen that happen and took it as a small victory.
“Well, this explains why you have opened lines of communication with the other outposts. We knew something was going on.”
Aditya smiled. If they didn’t trust me, then they would already know the contents of our meetings. They must trust me more to not keep me under complete observation.
Aditya straightened up a bit. “If we can unite the outposts and create an outpost or even a camp in the middle of the Beast Mountain Range, it would consolidate our power. It would allow us greater access to the other outposts. Over a period of time, it would be possible to make their strength ours.”
“You don’t think that they will fight back?”
“Some might, but our strength is much higher now,” Aditya said simply.
Evernight smiled. It was a cold thing.
“Seems that you have been putting the cultivation resources and weapons to good use. I will have to pass this information to my leaders for confirmation. What resources will you require?”
“Information on the different outposts would be helpful so we know what we’re dealing with—who are backed by which powers, which will come to our side, what it will require for others to join us. For the military side of things, we should have that covered at this time. The guards have tripled in size and strength. Unlike most people in the Ten Realms, they have created their foundations and gained Body of Stone and cultivated their mana into Vapor.”
The woman studied Aditya and then nodded. “I will pass your request on. Is there anything else?”
“No,” Aditya said.
She bowed her head to him and left without a backward glance.
Aditya had a bitter smile on his face. He was looking to impress these people but he didn’t know whether it even registered to them. There was a time that I wondered whether they were using the dark arts on those people, until I saw them working in the healing house. To go from simple farmers and people without anything, to healers capable of dealing with the worst wounds in just a few months…what kind of monsters are they?
Instead of feeling scared when thinking about them, he could only smile as he tapped his foot against the floor.
He might call them monsters but they had taken him down a path he never thought he would be able to step upon.
I wonder what their plan is for me.
***
Erik turned in his chair, cracking his back. Rugrat was down in the Metal floor still, working with the different smiths and crafters checking over the different resources on the Metal floor. From alchemists and tailors to smiths and formation masters, everyone wanted to see the new floor.
“Looks like we’ll have to build some more infrastructure down there. The lighting situation is a bit of a pain. We’ll need to add in a day and night cycle like with the first floor if there are going to be people living down there.” Erik read the report from a team of people from the academy and the council who were sent down to assess the floor. The military was down there too, but they had different priorities. “Sounds like a job for the blueprint office.”
Erik smiled and shook his head. I never thought that I would have a city’s worth of resources at my beck and call.
He wrote on light-paper, sending a message to the blueprint office.
He checked the pile of reports and picked up the next one on his desk. “No wonder Rugrat stayed down on the Metal floor to assess it. He didn’t want to do all of the paperwork.”
There was a knock at his door, interrupting his line of thought.
He looked up and put the folder down. “Come in.”
The door opened and Delilah smiled to him, shutting the door behind her.
“Delilah, what can I help you with?” Erik smiled. He felt bad for having dropped her off in Alva, and then when he returned, he’d had Egbert make her the head of the entire dungeon.
Though that kind of was Elise’s idea, he reasoned with himself.
“Teacher, I think we need to talk about roles.” Delilah’s smile slipped and her expression turned serious.
“Okay.” Erik sat up. She might be his student but she had stepped into her role as the council leader well.
“You need to leave more things to the rest of us,” Delilah said.
Erik made to open his mouth but she stopped him with a look.
“You and Rugrat have been so concentrated on different parts of Alva, you have not been able to develop yourselves,” Delilah said.
Erik opened his mouth and closed it.
I want to increase my strength; I have new ideas for how to increase the speed that I work on concoctions. I have a good amount of medical knowledge, but that doesn’t mean I am an amazing healer. I need to take my time and check what I know from Earth to what works in the Ten Realms. Then there is cultivation. I have my Body Cultivation but now I am using firearms—should I increase my Mana Gathering Cultivation instead? Though Vuzgal is undeveloped, there is so much loot, information, and resources that has just been added to Alva. Everything is growing.
“You and Rugrat are the leaders of Alva and you will always be. But that doesn’t mean that you need to be here all the time and it doesn’t mean that you need to manage everything all of the time. You have us here for that. We are the people who take your ideas and turn them into reality. Will we mess up? Probably. Though we need your strength to advance, the military can train people up. Once you have laid down the foundations, then they can grow. With you two, if you can go to the higher realms and bring back more information and more resources, then Alva will grow off that.”
“I never thought that I would be leading a city or that I would have a dungeon under my command. It kind of just happened. I feel like we’re just dropping this all on to you—the council, the people of Alva—and it doesn’t feel right,” Erik said.
“It might not feel right, but you are Alva’s strength. The stronger that you get, the further that you go, the further you can pull all of us along. We need you and Rugrat to be our guiding lights. You lead and we will follow. Does that mean you should go off right now and try to ascend all of the realms in a mad sprint? No. It means that you shouldn’t be worried about us when you are out there looking to increase your strength. We need time to consolidate. We have made a lot of gains, but it shouldn’t hold you and Rugrat back. What is the use of the academy of having all of these people around you if you don’t use us?”
Erik frowned and let out a breath through his nose. Delilah started to fidget nervously before Erik spoke again.
“I can’t say that I like it, but I can understand it. Rugrat and I weren’t high-ranking officers or leaders; we were just basic soldiers. We’re used to being hands-on with those under our command. We know how to train people to be soldiers, but we need the leadership to grow themselves.” Erik let out a heavy breath and laughed, feeling tired and also as if a big weight had dropped from his shoulders. But it was replaced with a new worry.
Delilah seemed to deflate. It seemed as though asking Erik all of this had taken a lot out of her.
He smiled, knowing that she was looking out for him and for the future of Alva.
“You’ve grown a lot while I’ve been gone,” Erik said with a self-deprecating laugh.
Delilah smiled beautifully as Erik’s now relaxed mind started to work.
“We’ll do as you say.”
Delilah nodded. “So what will you do then?”
“Now that I’m not commanding the Earth floor operation, you’re already trying to find things for me to do?” Erik asked with a smile.
Delilah rolled her eyes and shook her head. “You know what I mean!”
Erik chuckled and picked up a pen, letting it slide through his fingers and the base hit the desk before he picked it up and repeated the process.
“My mana pool is currently too small right now for me to open my final mana gate. Though, with tempering my body, I can increase my durability; then, using different pills, mana stones, and the dungeon core, I should be able to open my fourteenth mana gate.
“To temper my body and reach Body Like Sky Iron, I need to temper myself with the Earth element. So I need to wait until the Earth floor is open, or go and find some pills and concoctions to complete it. I fight with my fists but the more I do, the more I’m realizing that I can’t match the people in the Ten Realms.
“So, that means I need a combat instructor and I need to increase my Alchemy abilities.
“Elan Silaz needs time to work on developing information sources, see if we can find any more people from Earth. I feel like I’m saying Earth a lot. Then there’s also the factor of increasing our number of crafters and the level of people in Alva. Which also falls to Elan Silaz to act as our purchaser of monster cores so people have access to cores they can use to increase their levels. The military have a lot of short-term gains with fighting and killing creatures, but the crafters have a lot of long-term gains working on their craft. It will take them longer, but breaking through certain crafting bottlenecks, they’ll be able to increase their level dramatically. We can use the Trader’s Guild and the Adventurer’s Guild in the different realms to also help the crafters increase their levels, take them out on level-grinding parties.”
“It will cost us a lot,” Delilah said.
“We make the options available to them—it is up to them whether they take them or not. Private companies can add it into their recruitment. Say they need a trader for the Fourth Realm. They just say that they must be at least level twenty and they will boost them the rest of the way. It’s like how someone joining the Alva military doesn’t have a level requirement, but we will increase their Mana Gathering and Body Cultivation so that they can deal with the training and so that they will all be pushed up to the same level when they begin training. Before, that cost was high, but as we have learned more, most basic medics can do the cultivation increases. We’ve grown Alva—now it’s time we let our people spread out and solidify their gains.”
“What about the Fifth Realm?” Delilah asked.
“It will be there at the end of the day, but we have time on our side. We can wait and see what Elan can learn before we challenge it,” Erik said.
“Okay,” Delilah said.
“How has your Alchemy been going?”
“It’s progressed. With the access to resources and the rooms, I use it to relax. The systems of Alva are improving to take the load off one person and spread it out a bit more,” Delilah said with a wry smile.
“What level have you reached now in your Alchemy?”
“Level sixty-seven,” Delilah said modestly, but Erik didn’t miss the pride in her eyes.
I’m still level seventy. I’ve been making concoctions that work instead of trying to expand my abilities. Old Hei said that with assisting him in making that concoction, I needed to work much harder to increase in level once again. After all, Expert is only five levels away.
Erik called up his own skill.
==========
Skill: Alchemy
==========
Level: 70 (Journeyman)
==========
Able to identify 1 effect of the ingredient.
Ingredients are 5% more potent.
==========
I have been stagnant for too long. I need to work on my skills. If I can achieve Expert, who knows what I might get for a reward. The concoctions that I could make!
Erik laughed. “It looks like you’re right. I haven’t been focusing on my skills and personal strength—my student is able to kick my ass already!”
He gave Delilah a wink. “So, would you be interested in meeting your grand teacher?”
“Grand teacher?” Delilah asked, confused.
“He’s much more powerful than me in Alchemy, but he’ll take any excuse to get away from his duties and work on new concoctions and Alchemy!” Erik smiled.
***
Blaze looked at the men and women in front of him, studying them all and being studied by them. Each of them were a higher level than him, but there was no disrespect or disdain in their eyes as other high-level people in the Ten Realms might look down on him.
Some of them were stationed in Vuzgal, some in Alva. With the totem, they were able to come down to complete training.
“You have all been selected to participate in the leadership course. I will be overseeing the course, but your teachers will be Acting Lieutenant Blaze, First Sergeant Rugrat, and Major West. An officer in the Alva military is different than the role that officers play in other militaries. They are not only the overruling power and leader—they are the teacher of the unit. You will all be acting officers until you complete your training to be scouts, mortar operators, mages, engineers, medics, and members of the close protection detail. If you do not perform as needed in your training for these different roles, you will be stripped of your officer ranking, dropped down to a noncommissioned ranking in line with what you have been taught so far, and only when you have completed your courses will you be able to apply to become an officer once again.
“You are being given one hell of an opportunity here. If you complete all of your training and there are no major screw-ups, then you will become officers, with a probationary period of six months, where you will be reviewed and checked to make sure you can carry out the duties of your rank. All others will need to claw their way through training to gain the rank of sergeant. Then, as they reach first sergeant, they will go to officer school to train to be an officer. You’re jumping several steps so the slightest screw-up, the slightest issue, you will be busted back down and will need to redo.” Glosil looked at the men and women there. All of them stood straighter, brimming with fighting spirit.
He’s become more of a leader, certainly more of a hard-ass, but if they screw up, there are lives on the line. Blaze hid a smile, impressed with Glosil’s growth.
He nodded to the people in the ranks and then marched around and joined the formation, creating a stir.
“Looks like everyone is here for the course,” Blaze said in a loud voice, pulling their attention back onto him. “It is my job to make sure that you are ready to lead troops. I will teach you basic tactics, how to position your forces, how to create a battle plan, and pull your shit together when you actually meet the enemy and have to adjust everything on the fly. How to work with them and be a leader. Captain Glosil will be assisting me in teaching you combat tactics based upon your new weaponry and skills. First Sergeant Rugrat and Major West will work with you to incorporate all of the assets within your units. You will be training here in Alva and in Vuzgal. Once we have completed training, you will be tested, commanding real troops in battlefield simulated situations, defensive and offensive. Once you have all been tested, you may be qualified to become an officer or dropped back down to noncommissioned officers to retest.”
Blaze looked at them.
“Okay, gather around. The first class will be on positioning. Positioning yourself and those under your command is key to winning the battle. Knowing where one another is prevents you from attacking your own people and can allow you to react faster and more effectively when you are in combat.”
***
Delilah sat in her office, looking over an urgent message.
There was a knock at the door.
“Elan Silaz to see you, Council Leader,” her secretary reported.
“Allow him in,” Delilah said. She didn’t get up from her desk as Elan walked into the room.
She had met him in a perfunctory sense, but that meeting had been hosted by Erik. Now Elan was reporting to her. He was nearly three times older than her but she was the senior. It was an odd feeling as she knew his daughter and sons all held high positions as well.
It doesn’t matter the person’s position; their character and their ability matter more. She remembered Erik’s words, made bolder by the faith that he, Rugrat, the council, and the people of Alva placed in her. She sat up and looked at Elan.
Her aura was peaceful and calming. She had only opened ten of her mana gates, but she had formed her core as well, slowly compressing more mana. It gave her something to do when she was working as the council leader. It gave her an otherworldly air.
Elan stepped into the room and bowed to her.
“Please, take a seat.” She held out a piece of paper.
Elan took it and then sat down.
She waited for him to read the letter completely.
“Lord Aditya, while not completely trusted at this time, has proved his loyalty time and time again. He has tied his outpost to our Alva, acting as our agent. The relationship was rocky to start but it has grown stronger with time. Are you up to date with the information in the First Realm?”
“I might be lacking in some respects, but I have a good understanding,” Elan said.
“Very well. I do not. What do you think will happen if we act out this plan?” Delilah didn’t want to appear as if she did know what was going on, or else she might miss a key part.
“He wants to gather all of the outpost leaders together and then form this city in the middle of the Beast Mountain Range. It will stir things up. There will be those for it, against it, and neutral. It will give us a more complete understanding of the outposts around the Beast Mountain Range. Then, with clearing out the Beast Mountain Range, people might come together or they might fall out—same when forming the central outpost. People are greedy. There will be a lot of interests involved. Some of the outposts are part of nations, or other groups. Some of them are independent. Whoever controls the outpost city will become the leader of the connected outposts, in a large way. There are a lot of things that can go wrong, a lot of subterfuge that can happen.” Elan held his chin. “Which I think is the reason that he has asked for our help.”
Delilah moved her head to the side, allowing Elan to clear his thoughts.
“Right now he hasn’t said anything to anyone. This is just a plan that he has and he’s seeking approval as well as intelligence resources on the other outposts. We have decent coverage on the other outposts. If we focus on developing more sources in key positions, we can know what the outpost leaders are thinking. We have the advantage of surprise: we find out their weaknesses, know about their fighting forces, how each of the outposts operate.”
“How does this help his plan?” Delilah interrupted.
“The more we know about the outposts, the greater reach we have. It allows us to use different methods to influence this plan. We can bribe, blackmail, and guide people into an alliance with Vermire. Then, using those same people again, we can merge those outposts with Vermire, taking everything.”
“Building the outpost in the middle of the Beast Mountain Range is not the goal—controlling the outposts is. If they’re focused on the outpost being built, then they won’t think about themselves. We use it as a way to flush out the outpost leaders, use it as a test to see what they really think. Bring the rats out,” Delilah said.
“Right.” Elan smiled, pleased with her leap in judgement.
“Okay, so we will need to develop information assets in these different outposts to get to know what these outpost leaders are thinking. Then we give Aditya the go-ahead to start meeting with outpost leaders.” Delilah studied Elan, making a decision. “At the same time, present names to my secretary of people from your trading house who you think would be assets to Alva. We need to grow and rapidly. I will not accept people trying to make competing groups that create friction.”
Elan had a grave look on his face, looking at Delilah. Even at three times younger than him, she had a presence that he had only faced a few times before.
“I will present names to them shortly. I will only pick those I think will be loyal to Alva first.”
Delilah held his eyes for a few more seconds, as if weighing his character. “Good. You may leave. Keep me updated.” She turned to the papers on her desk once again.
Chapter: Crafter’s Path
“So what are you going to do?” Rugrat asked Erik as they walked out of Alva and toward the barracks on the outskirts.
“I’m going to head to the Third Realm. If I want to advance my cultivation, then I’m going to need to make some powerful concoctions.” Erik smiled. “What are you going to do?”
“Vuzgal! Isn’t it the best place for crafters, after all? I think with Tan Xue there, we can bring over some more smiths from across the Fourth Realm. With the workshops and the materials, I’m excited.” Rugrat grinned.
“How does Taran feel about being left behind to run the smithing department?” Erik asked.
Rugrat coughed, looking a bit embarrassed. “I’m sure he’ll be fine with learning the secrets of the Metal floor. We’ve only touched the surface, and he has all of Tan Xue’s notes, Expert-level blueprints, and then the Expert-level workshop all to himself.”
“Have you asked him or Tan Xue?”
“Nope.”
Erik let out a tired sigh.
“You might want to do that before you kidnap one and force the other into their old job.”
“He ran the whole academy for a while, they’ll be fine,” Rugrat said.
“So you think that he’s going to reach Expert in smithing before you?”
Rugrat snorted. “He can try! I’ve got five barrels of Alva shine on the line.”
The corner of Erik’s mouth lifted as he shook his head. “When are you heading to Vuzgal?”
“In a few days.” I have to talk to the two of them first, want to take Taran up there to take a look around if he can get the free time, before he takes over as the head of smithing in Alva. I talked to Jia Feng, she’s getting a group of crafters together to fill out our ranks.. A lot of people who left Alva searching for information and experience are congregating on Vuzgal now.” Rugrat yawned and stretched.
“I had heard that people were buying monster cores like crazy,” Erik said.
“Yeah, Elan has been doing a swift business, got his hands on a few Earth-grade Mortal cores. They’re only up to the lesser level, but still they cost nearly thirty mana stones down here. Boosting one’s level with monster cores is no cheap thing. Though most of the crafters’ expenses are low and the money they make is high, so although it’s difficult, it’s not impossible for them to purchase the monster cores.”
“Yeah, I grabbed a set of them. We only consumed up to the Mortal common monster cores. I kept at least one Mortal greater, grand, and variant grade core and got an Earth lesser and common core. I haven’t reached a bottleneck right now, but they might come in use.” Erik pulled out a box.
“What is this?” Rugrat asked.
“I got you monster cores as well. I knew that you would forget otherwise,” Erik said.
Rugrat coughed, an awkward look on his face as he took them.
“Were you just feeding them to George?” Erik asked as a thought struck him.
“Well, he’s a good boy and I didn’t think I had much use for them…” Rugrat trailed off.
Erik opened his mouth and then closed it, thinking of the monster cores he had purchased for Gilga.
Never mind, best not to try to think of how much I spent on treats, uh, monster cores.
Erik cleared his throat as they reached Glosil’s office in the barracks and knocked on the door. Rugrat put the box away and stood straighter.
“Enter,” Glosil called from beyond the door.
They walked in and Glosil looked up.
His expression cleared, seeing it was them.
“Don’t worry, just here for a casual chat.” Erik stopped him from standing and saluting. “How are things going?” he asked as he and Rugrat took seats in front of his desk.
“I have been collecting information on the Alva Earth floor.” He let out a sigh. “The formations are busted to hell. We were able to bring more of them online once we fired up the main command formation on the Metal floor.” Glosil pressed his lips together and put a map on the table. “Still, it’s not much.”
“Do we know, roughly, what level the creatures are down there?” Rugrat asked.
“Twenties to low forties. Increasing the upper limit just due to our limited information. Going to create a beachhead camp and then advance from there, bring the formations online to gather more information before pushing forward.”
“Sounds like a good plan. How is training and the reorganization of the military going?” Erik asked.
“In two weeks, the first class in Vuzgal will graduate—just over two hundred new privates. A new class will start right afterward. The staff in Alva will finish training the two hundred recruits here and then be shifted to Vuzgal to train the excess recruits we have there. Yesterday, Tiger Company completed their training and are all scout qualified. Next week, Rugrat will be taking command of the officer training class from Blaze.” Glosil looked to Rugrat, who nodded.
“Blaze, Erik, and I sat down and confirmed the training schedule.”
“They won’t like us, but they’ll have earned their spots,” Erik added.
“I look forward to it, seeing as I’m in the class,” Glosil muttered.
“You volunteered and it shows that you’re willing to learn—sets a good example and makes you closer with the rest of the officers,” Erik said.
“If the training ends in Vuzgal in two weeks, doesn’t that mean that their vets will start training as medics, engineers, and mages?”
“That is correct. In a month, we will be able to have people trained to fill the positions of a combat company, minus the close protection detail. It won’t be full, but we’ll have the skeleton.”
“Someone sounds eager.” Erik chuckled.
“Well, it looks like you have things in hand.” Rugrat slapped his hands on his legs to a random beat. “I will be heading up to Vuzgal tomorrow.”
“I will be heading up to the Third Realm and then heading to Vuzgal to take over the officer training.”
“We will be executing our attack on the Earth floor in three days with Dragon Company.” Glosil checked his paperwork.
“Looks like we’ve got plenty to keep us busy,” Rugrat said.
“And keep some of us out of trouble,” Erik added.
***
Elan sat down in the bar. He wore simple trader’s clothing, his face dirtied up. A smile appeared on his face.
“Good to see you. It’s been too long,” he said with a laugh, reaching out his hand.
The other trader followed along and laughed. “The days fly by when you’re on the road!”
A barmaid came over, smiling as she saw the two traders reunited. “Drinks or food?”
“Two of your Jales, please.” Elan tossed out a silver coin.
The girl snatched it up and hid it in her sleeve with a wide smile. “Coming up!” She rushed off.
Elan looked at the other trader. It was their first time meeting, but the trader was someone who people from Alva had cultivated into an information source. “You have something for me?”
“Everything seems calm right now. There are a few nations that are looking to insert trading companies that they own into Vermire to take over trading and then the city.” He laughed and patted Elan on the shoulder.
Elan laughed as the drinks came back and the girl put them down.
“Let me know if you need anything else!” she said with a bright smile and left.
The two of them grabbed their smoky glasses filled with what looked to be clear water. They cheered and took a drink of the refreshing drink that tasted remarkably like fruit.
“Dangerous, that,” Elan said as the man passed him a bundle of scrolls. Elan took it into his storage ring.
“That’s when you know it’s the good stuff,” the trader said, his eyes scanning around. “There are talks of some of the healing houses moving to other outposts to pull people away from Vermire as well.”
Elan seemed to weigh the information as he took another slow drink, watching the trader out of the corner of his eye.
He didn’t say anything else, watching Elan nervously.
Elan took out a clear potion bottle covered in runes. The potion was red, with golden flakes that were stirred up with the slightest movement. “This should help your grandson,” Elan said.
The man looked at the potion. Even as a veteran trader, he didn’t seem to believe what he was looking at. “How?” he started. But then he looked at Elan and shook his head, a self-deprecating smile on his face. “I know better than to ask.”
Elan nodded as he reached out more; the trader took the potion under the table and then grabbed the drink, taking a deep gulp.
Elan passed over his sound transmission mark. “If you hear anything else, let me know. There are plenty of rewards that might be hard to find in the First Realm,” Elan said with meaning.
“You have my word,” the trader said.
Elan smiled, the serious atmosphere dissipating as he raised his glass. “To your grandson and your family’s health!”
“And to yours as well!” The trader’s smile was now totally genuine as they clinked glasses and finished off their drinks.
***
Elan headed through Vermire. Once he had become a person of Alva, Vermire was like his backyard. Lord Aditya didn’t hide anything from him. Elan had taken control over all of the spies Lord Aditya had raised, then those from the different Alva traders, and the Adventurer’s Guild.
The information network was vast, so his last few weeks had been spent going through the totem. He had gone to the Second Realm before, but it was his first time going to the Third Realm. What was something that he thought he wouldn’t be able to do in his life had almost become an everyday norm.
The Adventurer’s Guild and the traders in the higher realms had created extensive information networks. Most of them were looking for jobs, but a few of them had access to information that was useful to Alva. That would allow them to advance their reach and their ability, or escape issues that might appear.
Seems that more people are looking to gain some control over Vermire now that they’ve seen that they can be a powerful player.
He moved through different alleyways. Using the formations in the city, he could tell that there was no one following him. Still, he changed his appearance twice, a skill he had learned from some shadowy figures.
Then he reached the lord’s manor as Elan Silaz. He presented his documents and was allowed in. He waited for some time before he was admitted to Lord Aditya’s office.
Lord Aditya’s leg had been healed long ago and even more than that, he was now walking down the path to temper his body. He might have gone against Alva unknowingly in the beginning, but now he was one of their most loyal subjects.
“So, how does the recruiting go? I heard that you were able to find some Apprentice-level crafters not long ago.”
Both men would have been stunned with these words not long ago.
“Don’t you find it strange when talking about Apprentice crafters as if they’re common cabbages?”
“Get used to it.” Aditya shrugged.
“Finding Apprentice crafters in the First Realm isn’t easy. Thankfully the only requirement is motivated people, which are a lot easier to find.” Elan pulled out the scrolls he had gotten from the trader and put them out on the table between two couches.
“What’s this?” Aditya asked.
“A potential problem, kind of.” Elan started to read the documents, looking at the files that contained information on the healing houses first, and waving for Aditya to join him.
Aditya took the files on the different trading conglomerates and their actions, as well as different healing houses that outposts were talking to.
The two of them fell into silence for some time.
“Those ungrateful pricks,” Aditya said as he flipped pages.
“Hmm?” Elan asked, his eyes not leaving the scroll in his hand.
“There are a few traders who are trying to get their leaders to move in on the other outposts in the area, to have them take over and then create direct competition with us. They’re gathering support. Then there are other traders who are offering to increase their prices when dealing with us for goods like food. Otherwise, we can’t support our people. If they increase the prices, then others will do the same. At that point, people might question if I was to try to buy food from Alva, wondering where I got it from.”
“You have stocks of food here, though, right?”
“Yes, enough for the original Vuzgal to survive a year on. But now, with the new population increase, it would only last for four or five months,” Aditya said.
“Let them increase their prices. People will be angry and pissed off, then you privately sell your stock, for the people. Show that you want what is best for them and you’re selling your own stock at only a slightly higher price than before. They will look like robbers taking advantage of Vermire’s people and be driven out, while your popularity will increase among the people of Vermire,” Elan said.
“Well—” Aditya thought it over before he let out a small laugh. “When it comes to things like business, I’ve still got a lot to learn!”
Elan smiled.
Aditya realized that he was a frog at the bottom of his well, but he was actively looking to improve the way that he dealt with things. He was still a young man by Ten Realms standards.
“They’re also looking to add additional taxes for anyone who comes from our direction because of the threat to their people on the roads and having to put out their soldiers to clear the trade routes. Some are directly looking for the militaries to pressure us. Now, the pressuring us with the military won’t work, because we’re a neutral ground for all nations. If the military tries to pressure us, then the other nations will quietly but firmly show their displeasure,” Aditya said.
Elan took a few minutes, finishing the line he was reading before replying. “Are you trying to impress us with your plan to make a trading city in the middle of the Beast Mountain Range?” Elan looked up at Lord Aditya.
“I do as I am ordered,” Aditya said.
Elan’s expression turned into a smile. “Well, I can tell you that my official job here is to expand the information network that we have into the other outposts and to see just how valid your idea might be. Then it will be up to the leadership to decide what we do.” Elan picked up a new scroll.
Aditya’s face split in a wide smile.
Elan knew his history and how he had come to the attention of Alva. Now he remained as the lord over Vermire Trading Outpost, one of their people. He was a lord in name only, but they had entrusted him with a great number of secrets and revealed more power than a simple group in the First Realm should have.
He’d kept his lips shut and worked hard to do his best. With them looking at his plan seriously, it showed that he had gained a heavy measure of their trust.
Seems that the healing houses are getting nosey again.
“Is there something wrong with your scroll?” Aditya asked, looking at Elan’s sour expression.
“It looks like the healing houses are a bit pissed off with how low the Alva Healing House’s expenses are. They also are confused by their techniques. They’re gathering information on them right now, but I don’t think that anything good will come from it.” Elan sighed.
“I guess this is part of the price of success? As soon as you have something, then others want a piece of it.” Aditya let out a dry laugh.
“Well, at least we have the drop on them so we can prepare ahead of time. I would also suggest that when the food prices are increased, create an area with greenhouses to grow food all year round,” Elan said. “Shows the people your sincerity and that you’re looking to avert disaster and take a step further in becoming a completely independent city.”
“I haven’t told you yet, but with our permanent population and our size, we officially became a Ten Realms-recognized grade-two town the other day,” Aditya said with pride.
“Congratulations.” Elan smiled. “Only two more grades and you’ll reach city status!”
“I never thought that I would control a city—still doesn’t feel real,” Aditya said.
“There’s still a long way to go.”
“And many problems to be dealt with!” Aditya chimed in.
Elan snorted. “Well, at least it keeps us both in a job.”
***
Fehim was walking through the Alchemy plants, stopping as he reached the center of the garden where the silverlight tree had been replanted.
He liked to tour the garden every so often.
“Checking up on the others?” Erik, who sat on a bench facing the large tree, asked, turning his head to look over at Fehim.
“As the Alchemy department head, it’s only natural,” Fehim said with a smile. He moved over to Erik and bowed.
“No need for that, Fehim.” Erik waved him off and indicated to the bench.
Fehim smiled and sat down on the bench, looking at the tree with Erik. There was an Alchemy book open in his lap.
“Seems a little different.” Erik looked at the silverlight tree. Instead of being silver and green, its main trunk looked to be made from polished silver and looked fragile, as if a stiff breeze would cause it to snap. The leaves hung down in myriad colors, mingling with one another, random but beautiful.
“Well, that might be because we got the tree type messed up. It was a silverlight tree, but now it’s an ever-silver tree. Known to people as a mana tree. It can live in any environment that has a truly massive amount of mana, but only one in ten thousand will reach maturity because they are incredibly fragile and it has interesting mana requirements.
“When you brought it, it was silver and green, due to its structure being changed by the mana that they absorb. So when it was in the dungeon, absorbing just two types of mana, it took on characteristics of them both. So when it was exposed to other kinds of mana, then it started to change. We took it around the garden, balancing out all of the different attribute manas that it consumed and then it changed into its current form.
“From what we’ve been able to learn, when it reaches maturity then silver fruits will appear on its limbs, showing up once every five years afterward. These fruits are called silver fruits. Someone’s naming scheme isn’t that amazing,” Fehim said dryly.
Erik smiled. “What will they do? Can they be used in a concoction? And what does the tree do with the mana? I can sense it pulling in mana but not letting any out?”
Fehim grinned. “The silver fruits randomly increase a person’s attributes by one to seven points.”
Erik looked at the ever-silver tree with a new appreciation.
“I haven’t been able to find out about any concoctions that use them. I think few people would try to experiment with something so powerful. I’ve been searching for more information discreetly but they’re incredibly rare and even the one that you brought wasn’t in good condition. It would have died in a few months or years—even now we have to monitor to make sure that the trunk doesn’t snap. We’ve been trimming back the branches so there’s not as much strain on the trunk. It will mean a lower yield, but as long as we can grow the tree, there’s a possibility that it will create a bud that we can plant and grow into a second ever-silver tree.”
“What protections have you put into place?” Erik asked.
“There is a defensive formation around it. Qin worked on it personally. It is powered by the dungeon and there is a mana barrier as well. Someone will be alerted as they get close to the tree. If they keep going, then the defensive formation will toss them out. Second time, it will attack to disable. If someone attacks, then the barrier will block and the formation will attack,” Fehim reassured Erik.
“Well, we should get a good harvest in five years,” Erik said.
“Four, nearly three years,” Fehim corrected.
Erik looked to Fehim and raised his eyebrows. “Huh. Time seems to have sped on by.”
“It has,” Fehim said.
“Are you afraid of losing your position as the head of the Alchemy department?” Erik asked.
“You going to fire me from it?” Fehim asked.
“Nothing like that.” Erik shook his head at Fehim’s easy smile.
“I will probably lose the position soon, but, I am quite a bit older than most of the students and I started learning later on. I care more about the ingredients and my skill lays in assisting alchemists with their concoctions, not making them myself,” Fehim said. “I knew that others would surpass me eventually. If Delilah was not the council leader, then she would be the department head.”
“Not many people would be as willing to give up their position as you,” Erik said.
“We are growing. Alva has tens of people coming from across the realms every week instead of every few months. About four-fifths of those people are choosing to live in Alva. People are working harder than ever so that the people who just joined Alva don’t take their position. It creates competition, and there are some inner frictions, but all areas of Alva have handled it well, turning it into action, instead of nefarious rivalry.”
“It’s much bigger than when we started,” Erik agreed.
“And like our gardens, it will continue to grow faster with each passing year.” Fehim cleared his throat, making Erik look over.
“About the lower floors.”
“Not you too.” Erik snorted.
“We have plants of different attributes up here. Although I wish to keep a garden here, with the need for more housing, I can see that we can’t keep expanding the garden all over the place. Also, I am told that the mana density on the lower floors is higher and we have gotten samples back from the Metal floor already. Are there really floors of all different affinities?”
“Don’t care about your position but passionate about your plants,” Erik said dryly.
Fehim shrugged, a light smile on his face.
“Under the Alva Dungeon floor, there is the Metal floor, the Earth floor, the Fire floor, Wood floor, and then the final Water floor. Each of the other floors is many times larger than the current Alva floor.”
“We could grow so much down there, raise different attribute plants. We would have a hard time on the Earth floor—the farmers are going to want to work there. Maybe with the higher Earth mana, they would be happier with a smaller plot of land. They care about growing things in mass instead of increasing their potency. Wait, is this why you’re holding off increasing your Body Cultivation?”
“Partly,” Erik said.
“You used the battlefield dungeon as a way to get down to the Fire floor in order to temper your body in the heavy Fire-attribute mana?”
“Right. For my next tempering, I require to temper my body with the Earth attribute mana, then Metal, Water, and Wood. Each time, I will require stronger concoctions and higher concentrations of mana to allow me to temper my body completely. From what we’ve learned, we know that there can be partial temperings and complete ones. Partial will allow us to complete the quest and some will remain there; others will continue to temper one’s body completely, removing any and all weaknesses. It requires a lot more resources and power, but there are greater benefits later on.”
“One can become stronger immediately but weaken his gains later on.” Fehim nodded.
They fell into silence.
“So once the Earth floor is cleared, will you attempt to temper your body once again? We already have the Metal floor—that will be two temperings complete, right?”
“Yes and no. I can feel that I will need powerful aids to complete my temperings. I will talk to my Alchemy teacher to see if he knows what can help me to overcome my remaining boundaries. Body Cultivation requires a lot of resources to cross, no matter what. Mana Gathering Cultivation requires a lot of work over time, but it is possible to increase through sheer tenacity,” Erik said.
“Both paths take us beyond the realm of just humans, touching upon the power of the Ten Realms in different aspects,” Fehim said. “I’ll keep an eye out in the books from Vuzgal for any information on cultivation aids.”
“Thank you, Fehim.” Erik looked at him and then back to the tree. “I wonder what it will look like in three years.”
“Bigger, I would guess,” Fehim said seriously.
Erik couldn’t help but laugh and Fehim joined in.
***
Rugrat showed off the new tools in the workshop: routers, band saws, sanding belts, table saws, and drills.
“This will make things a lot easier. Instead of taking hours for the new blacksmiths to sharpen blades, it will take them what, a few minutes?” Taran said.
“With the routers, I think that the formation masters would be interested,” Tan Xue said.
“I sent off a bunch of the routers to them. They can just use gems and mana stones in order to power them instead of having to use their mana all the time to make mana blades and other tools,” Rugrat said.
They looked at the machine shop. It hadn’t taken Rugrat long to make everything, using parts and items that they had already. With the rotating formation, his mana blade, and refined metal.
“It should increase production on different items. Though we still haven’t reached this factory stage level of assembly. Even with ammunition, we are casting the rounds and the cartridges, which is done by hand,” Taran complained.
“Haven’t you been working with Matt, the blueprint office, the Alchemy department, and the formation masters to make a machine that will make the cartridges and the rounds for you?” Tan Xue asked.
“Yes, but it all takes time. The mortar rounds need a process, as well as the grenade launcher rounds.” Taran sighed.
Rugrat snorted and then looked at them both. “We had none of this a year ago. Like, look at how far we’ve come. Sure, we’ve got further to go but we’ve done a lot. You’ve both done a lot. If it wasn’t for your efforts, we wouldn’t have gotten to this stage. We are producing rifles at a breakneck speed. Once we can incorporate the machines in this machine shop into production, then it will only increase. When we started, no one would think about four different departments working together in tandem.
“This is what Alva needs—people sharing information, working together, to take what we have already and combine it together to increase their effect. Alchemy concoctions used with needles and intravenous needles. Healers working with tailors, alchemists, and smiths to create sterile plastics. Alchemists working with farmers to make more potent, plentiful, and powerful ingredients as they discuss preparation with the cooks.” Rugrat looked between them both. “You’ve done something incredible here—don’t let anyone tell you any different.”
Taran and Tan Xue looked away, awkward with the praise.
Taran cleared his throat. “Well, if you have some more secrets about making it into the Expert realm of smithing, then I would think you were proposing!”
“Don’t worry—I’m sure you’ll make it to Expert only a few years after me.” Rugrat’s winning grin appeared as Taran faked throwing a punch. Tan Xue snorted and shook her head, the serious atmosphere from before disappearing.
“Though I did want to ask Tan Xue about a few things Expert related. Beers?” Rugrat said.
“Well, seeing as we’ve done so much work as you’ve said, it would be impolite not to accept your offer to buy a few rounds.” Taran cleared his throat and walked ahead.
It took Rugrat a moment to figure out what he said as Tan Xue moved to follow Taran.
“You coming there, slow stuff?” she called back to Rugrat.
“I didn’t say anything about buying a few rounds!” Rugrat said, moving to catch up with them.
They reached the Spitting Boar, one of the new bars that had appeared in Alva. It looked over one of the parks and stood three levels tall, with the top level open to the rest of Alva.
They went to the third floor, grabbing drinks and moving to a table.
“So I’ve explained a lot of this to Taran already. I made it into the Expert level of smithing. I’m not really sure how. Though I have a feeling it didn’t have to do all with knowledge, but the application of that knowledge. Right now, I feel like I am in unknown territory, so I haven’t been talking about it much. I don’t want to send people off on the wrong path. It feels like there is a boundary around me, like there is something I don’t know that is stopping me from progressing. At the same time, I feel like if I figure out what is holding me back then I will be able to increase my ability in smithing a lot.” Tan Xue took a big gulp of her beer.
“Okay, well, when you made that first Expert-level item, what did you think? What did you do differently—materials, tools? Why were you making the item you were? What were the deviations from the plan?” Rugrat asked.
Taran and Rugrat focused on her and she looked up, closing her eyes to picture the whole process.
Rugrat pulled out a notepad; Taran did as well. They forgot about their drinks in a rare moment and declaration of interest in Tan Xue’s words.
“I was really tired. I was just looking at my hammer and hitting it on the metal. I was focusing on using the vibrations of my strikes to increase the strength of the sword. I think it was a sword. Though I kind of tunneled—my mind started to think on my hammer. I knew it so well, how it had formed. I looked at it and I thought that it was interesting how I was working on a new weapon with an old tool that I had created. I thought about the cycle of weapons—hewn from the earth, then refined and combined with other elements and turned into tools. I thought how I was creating a resonance in the weapon with my hammer, how I wondered if I could create a resonance in my hammer’s different elements and if that would transfer that change over to the sword.
“I focused on the hammer. Instead of using the hammer to attack the weapon and create the right vibrations, I started to alter how I used the hammer. I changed the mana flow through my body, the way my muscles moved, achieving a resonance with the hammer.”
Tan Xue opened her eyes, stunned but also at peace.
“I realized that I am the creator. I always used the hammer to form, but it is I forming the weapon, with the hammer as a medium. That without a smithy, without a hammer and a forge, I could create a weapon. My body is the smithy. It is my truth, my realization. At the same time, using my body instead of my hammer to create the vibrations was a form of technique. I don’t know what it means… I have to get back to my smithy,” Tan Xue said, her eyes glossed over.
“Tan Xue, I need you to come to Vuzgal, if you’re okay with that.”
“Huh, what?” Tan Xue jolted in her seat.
“We need a high skilled crafter in Vuzgal if we want to attract people to the academy and make sure that any of the high skilled crafters that we hire will listen to us,” Rugrat said.
“I have projects, classes, I run the smithing department for the Kanesh Academy,” Tan Xue said.
“Well, umm, Taran, would you be interested in taking over as the smithing department head in Alva?” Rugrat asked sheepishly.
The two smiths looked at one another, their eyes narrowing as their turned their stares on Rugrat.
“How long have you been sitting on this plan of yours?”
“Uhh, a few days… maybe weeks,” He muttered into his drink, taking a big swig to cover over the embarrassed look on his face.
“So you want me to go up to Vuzgal so we have the authority to negotiate with other expert crafters and establish ourselves and Taran will take over the department in Vuzgal. Anything else?” Tan Xue pressed.
“Well, there will be a  group of crafters that will be heading up to the higher realms, and,” Rugrat coughed. “You would be the head of the Academy.”
Seeing the look in her eyes he talked quickly.
“Don’t worry you would be a figurehead! There will be a staff and people that will help with the day to day running of the academy, like all of the assistants and helpers that are in the Kanesh Academy. You would get a bunch of resources, time in the crafter trial. Umm blueprints, the best of the best! There will be expert level crafting rooms too you’ll be able to go outside too!”
A look from Tan Xue made Rugrat close his mouth.
She sighed and looked to Taran.
The bulky man shrugged.
“You’ve been running the smithing department by yourself pretty much this entire time anyway. You’re well suited to it and with the extra resources you should be able to reach Expert soon. Are you okay with it though?” Tan Xue asked.
“I didn’t think that I would like teaching others, but, I’ve come to enjoy it, seeing how excited they are, I don’t mind being a teacher. Also I have five barrels of shine on the line, I’m not losing to him,” Taran looked at Rugrat.
“I’m, just a half step away!”
“A half step too slow,” Taran grinned.
The two of them looked at one another, grinning like idiots. Excited at the challenge set down between them.
“Alright, I have to go and pack,” Tan Xue said, draining her drink and then standing. Next time, a little bit more warning would be nice.”
“Yes Academy head!” Rugrat said, raising his glass to her.
She snorted and rolled her eyes, a smile pulling at the corner of her lips as she nodded to Taran.
“I’m sure we’ll keep in contact,” He assured her.
“You’ll try to escape Alva more often than not,” She filled in for him.
Taran just chuckled.
Rugrat, seeing them both he realized how just a few short years ago he had never met them, but now he couldn’t imagine a life without them in it. Sure they fought and complained at one another, but they were his brother and sister, even if none of the same blood flowed in their veins.
***
Hiao Xen sighed as he got the latest information from the Stone Fist sect through his sources.
The Ice Empress of the Elsi clan had publicly shamed the Mai clan and Young Master Perkins by using the marriage ceremony to escape the city.
The Stone Fist sect had been angry, with multiple elders voicing their anger. The Ice Empress joined the Fighter’s Association, with many of her disciples who held powerful positions within the Stone Fist sect joining as well.
Others broke off their ties with the Stone Fist sect.
“Just what the hell is happening over there?” Hiao Xen asked the air. “I hope that Erik meeting her didn’t have a part to play in all of this.”
He put the message to the side when there was another sound transmission from another source in the Fighter’s Association.
“Benny, what’s up?” Hiao Xen asked.
“You been looking for more information on why the Ice Empress joined us? Here’s a message she just sent out to the entire Stone Fist sect,” Benny said with a gloating voice.
Hiao Xen received a second sound transmission.
“My name is Mira Elsi. The other day, I was supposed to marry Young Master Perkins. I did not wish to shame the Mai clan, but actions cannot be undone. I made a promise, a contract with the Stone Fist sect and my own Elsi clan when I returned. For years, I thought that this contract had been carried out by both parties. I was wrong. The Stone Fist sect and my own Elsi clan worked together to break the contract. I left my children for the sect, only to find out that they sent down assassins to poison my children. Even at this point, I do not know what their current condition is. They used formations to make sure that I wouldn’t find out about the broken contract until later. It would probably have been years after I was married to Young Master Perkins.”
Hiao Xen could feel the cold fury in her voice as she talked. He gritted his own teeth in anger, thinking about what would have happened if the same thing happened with his son.
“With the contract broken between us, I was free from the sect and my clan. I passed word to my followers, a number of whom believed as I did, that a clan or sect that does this to their members, treating them like goods instead of like their fellow sect members, does not deserve fealty. With this information, you, too, can break your contract with the sect as they have broken their own rules and their word to us.”
The sound transmission ended.
“So, I guess that tells you what happened,” Benny said.
“Is the Fighter’s Association going to do anything?” Hiao Xen asked.
“Officially? No, of course not. We wouldn’t meddle in any sect issues. Unofficially, it’s pissed off a lot of people. Most of us were independents who joined the sect for the protection and the ability to increase our cultivation and combat fighting skills. She’s a powerful fighter, but they were going to use her to try to give them another person with the ice emperor constitution. Went so far as trying to poison her children. It’s pissed off quite a few people over here. So it looks like there might be a cleansing.” Benny’s voice lost his joy and turned serious.
“I’m reminded by the second name that some people called the Fighter’s Association the Sect Monitors,” Hiao Xen said.
“Breaking one’s word isn’t a light thing. We’re all people here. Sure, we fight one another all the time—sometimes there are just people who need to die. For the most part, we need to clear those pieces away, or else the Ten Realms will have a bunch of useless groups.”
“Why do you monitor the different sects and judge them?” Hiao Xen asked.
Benny laughed as Hiao Xen sighed, smiling. He knew Benny wouldn’t give him a direct answer.
“I heard you’re working in Vuzgal now—acting city director. We’ll have to have a drink soon! If you want to know more, you should increase your standing in the Blue Lotus. There’s still much you don’t know about the Ten Realms,” Benny said mysteriously.
“Seems more like I’m corralling children around, but you’re welcome anytime,” Hiao Xen said.
“Talk later!”
The channel went dead as Hiao Xen sat back in his chair and steepled his fingers.
“Unless she says something, there is nothing to link Erik to what she did. If he did something and we said it, we’d piss off the Stone Fist sect and it would look bad that we’re meddling in other people’s affairs. Though it would also make the Fighter’s Association closer with us.” Hiao Xen thought through different scenarios before he shook his head and stood, stretching.
“I don’t even know if it was Erik who passed her the information. Let’s just see what happens.”
He looked out over the gardens. They had transformed. There had only been a few buds with plants of heavy Earth and Metal attributes; demonic-looking plants had covered the city.
“Even though most of the city was damaged, the mana gathering formations were buried deep and the mana here, although it was heavy with Earth and Metal mana, it wasn’t as heavy as we thought. In fact, there was a lot of pure mana in the area. With the higher mana, it allows people to focus their mind more as they feel more relaxed. It also increases the power of people’s spells. Just for these points alone, a lot of people came over. If someone was to grow up in this environment, with us cleaning up the mana with different attributed plants and grasses to convert the mana from just Earth and Metal to Fire, Water, and Wood, they’d have a much higher advantage over people from other cities.”
Hiao Xen smiled as he looked over the odd plants that were slowly helping to restore the balance within Vuzgal and were growing voraciously.
The apartments for the administration of Vuzgal had been completed and the grounds restored with Alchemy plants.
The head of the Alchemy Association seemed interested in them when he came over last.
He was proud of all that Vuzgal had become and knew that this was only the start of their path.
He took in a deep breath, taking in the fresh air. He rotated his mana, revitalizing himself, and he turned back toward his desk. He had just sat down when there was a hurried knock on his door.
“Come in,” Hiao Xen said.
Dougie walked in, frowning but also with his fists clenched together. He held a report. He quickly closed the door behind him and walked to Hiao Xen’s desk.
His unnatural expression focused his mind and he forgot his earlier peaceful thoughts.
“Someone is stirring up trouble in Vuzgal. The craftsmen we hired through the associations, they are taking breaks and barely doing their work. The foremen mentioned the delays to me. Construction has essentially come to a halt. The work on the castle has stopped completely. Only the work on the workshops in the city has continued. There are people who are trying to renegotiate their contracts, applying pressure that they won’t keep working. Also, a high number of crafters have started bad-mouthing the Crafting trial dungeon, saying that it is not the best atmosphere to work in and that we are demanding too much. Others have left the workshops, saying that they’re subpar, but they’re still paying for their time so people can’t access the workshops even if they’re empty. They are saying that we don’t even have Expert-level crafters, so how can we say that we know anything about crafting. They’re saying that a council of crafters should be made because we are taking advantage of them. The crafters are hanging out in the bars and other places, bad-mouthing the people of Vuzgal.”
“Who is behind this?” Hiao Xen asked. His relaxed expression from before had disappeared.
“It looks like the Expert crafters who are close to Zhen Fu are the source of these issues. None of them have hidden their hands,” Dougie said.
“Well, it looks like she really intends to go head-to-head with us.” Hiao Xen’s expression was complicated. “Collect the names of the people who are acting as their mouthpieces and those who are renting the workshops but not using them, as well as those who are exerting their influences for Zhen Fu. Do it over the next three days. I want all of the names.
“Once we have them all, add in a new clause for the workshops. If someone rents a workshop and they don’t show up, then their slot goes to someone else after ten minutes. If they appear but aren’t using the workshop or working on their own projects after twenty minutes, they’re to be kicked out. Also, people using the workshops must go through an interview. Independent or from an association or sect—it doesn’t matter. Make sure that they’re actually there to work. We can’t waste the time in our workshops. Work with the crafters we have pulled to our sides and use this as a recruitment. See how driven they are and check that their words meet with their actions before offering them a position within the Vuzgal Crafter’s Association.” Hiao Xen saw that Dougie’s face was strained.
“What?”
“There are a number of crafters who wish to increase their remuneration, or they will walk. Others have already left.”
Hiao Xen stood, letting out an angry breath as he held his hands behind his back.
This is something that I need Erik and Rugrat to make a final decision on. This could be seen as a test of my abilities. If I ask them for help at the first obstacle, won’t it look bad on me?
“If they are willing to pay out their contract, let them. Our recruitment must not be that good if people are already willing to leave. Talk to the recruiters and express my displeasure. Make another recruiting department. Model it after the Vuzgal army’s recruiters. It doesn’t matter one’s level or their skill, only their dedication. The recruiters aren’t looking to just fill positions but people who live for their job. The army has veterans as recruiters as they have a sense and knowledge about who will make a good soldier and those who can be molded into one.
“We should do the same with the crafters. Those we trust, we offer them a recruiter position. They can do that instead of teaching and they can get more resources to incentivize them and allow them to improve when they’re not dealing with recruiting. We should have a number of people for general crafting recruiting, then have recruiters for each of the different crafts we work with. Filter out the crap. If we only have five crafters instead of fifty, but those five are more determined, we aren’t wasting resources on those who will just leave at the least problem.”
Dougie had pulled out a pad of paper and recorded down everything that Hiao Xen had said.
“We have only been passively recruiting at this point. We should also have our recruiters go to different cities and see if they can’t draw in some independent crafters. Send them to the lower realms. If level and Experience isn’t an issue, as Erik and Rugrat have said, there are hundreds of people who would be willing to learn from us, especially with the ability to pay off their contract and the freedom to leave, instead of most sects that one is bound to, who then make all of their decisions for them. People there will be much more willing, though don’t tell them that we’re from the Fourth Realm. Just recruit them solely based on their interest in crafting.” Hiao Xen, pacing, felt a new energy fill him.
“I feel like I might thank Zhen Fu by the end of this. It’s made me look at things differently. The outside influence will only filter out more people who are only wishing to use us and not give anything back. If they not only learn but help make products and support Vuzgal, then sending them on to learn more should be celebrated instead of those who learn and then are bought out by some group.”
“There have also been a number of people who had left the Stone Fist sect who have expressed interest in settling down here,” Dougie said. His shock had calmed down and his mind was able to think of other items of interest.
“We don’t discriminate. As long as one obeys the rules and doesn’t create trouble, they’re more than welcome to come to Vuzgal,” Hiao Xen said.
“Yes, sir. Just wanted to check.”
Hiao Xen smiled. It seemed that Dougie had seen through it, just as he had.
“Make sure that all of those names are recorded. Get all of our ears in the city, from the Sky Reaching Restaurant and the Wayside Inns, crafting workshops and guards. I want to know just who we’re dealing with here.” Hiao Xen stopped his pacing.
“I will have it done,” Dougie reported, straightening up. He felt his dismissal, bowing to Hiao Xen and leaving.
Nothing is ever easy!
Chapter: Lord Returns
“Have fun and don’t make too much trouble,” Erik said as he shook Rugrat’s hand.
“I’m interested to see what Matt and Hiao Xen have been up to while I’ve been gone,” Rugrat said. “Have fun in the Third Realm.”
Erik nodded and Rugrat turned back to the forty or so people with him. There were people from every academy department represented. They would make up the core of the teaching staff.
The academy’s construction was nearly complete, with the final touches taking only another week and a half before it was done.
In a couple of months, a competition would be held among the departments. The winners of the contests would travel to Vuzgal or to the Division Headquarters in the Third Realm to expand their horizons. Everyone was working hard to get the opportunity to see these new places.
The departments were filling up, with hundreds of people now attending the academy.
Just the people we’re taking in is more than all of the students the academy had when it first opened.
Rugrat looked at Tan Xue. “Ready?”
“I’d be better prepared if you told me sooner,” She said darkly.
Rugrat let out a forced laugh and looked to Taran who was coming with them to see Vuzgal. He would only be there for a few days before he needed to return to Alva and take over his old position as the smithing department head.
Rugrat turned and accessed the totem.
==========
You have reached Level 50, meeting the requirements to ascend to the Sixth Realm.
==========
Do you wish to ascend?
==========
YES/NO
==========
His level hadn’t increased since he left Vuzgal, remaining at level fifty-seven, just a few levels ahead of Erik as he opened all of his mana gates and unlocked the Mana Gathering Cultivation stages, like the Body Cultivation.
“Nope!” Rugrat went on to select Vuzgal.
He winced at the amount of mana stones that were required and light enveloped them all. Alva disappeared as the noise of a growing city and a cool breeze rolled over them.
The area where the other totem had been had already been turned into warehouses and sorting houses.
There were people using the totem constantly, moving across the Fourth Realm and even on to other realms.
Sky Reaching Restaurants pushed up into the sky and the castle had been fully repaired, looking nothing like it did when Rugrat had first seen it. The pillar stood above it all, looking down on the city.
It was as if time had gone backward to before Vuzgal’s final war.
Still, there is a lot more building that needs to be done. We’ve still got a lot of land to develop. What will this look like once we have people populating all of Vuzgal?
“Move on, don’t clog up the totem!” a guard yelled. He wore the emblem of the Fighter’s Association, a bored expression on his face.
Rugrat moved forward, leading the group. He was about to walk through the gates when a few guards stood in front of him.
“Everyone has to pay the toll.” The woman’s eyebrows pinched together.
“Be kind of dumb to pay myself,” Rugrat joked.
The woman didn’t seem to think it was funny.
“Uh, you don’t know who I am?”
“Even Expert-level crafters have to pay the toll,” the woman said.
Rugrat dug around in his storage rings. “One second,” he said as people started to get annoyed with the hold-up as the group milled around.
“There you are.” Rugrat pulled out a medallion for Vuzgal.
It was a simple round design, showing the inner city walls, topped with pillars for the mana barrier and the main castle with its pillar on top.
The medallion was made from mana stone and reinforced with a special gold. Most would have stars above the medallion. One star was the sign of Hiao Xen, while two stars were the heads of different controlling bodies within Vuzgal that managed the city.
Rugrat’s didn’t have any stars on it.
She took it and used an identification key on the medallion.
Her expression changed as she quickly came out of the booth she was in and knelt on the ground, bowing to him.
“City Lord, I am sorry for my grave mistake!” She held up the medallion.
“No worries. I’ve been dealing with other things so I haven’t been around much.” Rugrat took the medallion as he laughed awkwardly and pulled her to her feet. “Keep up the good work.” He smiled.
She cupped her hands and bowed. “Thank you, City Lord!” she said. Others looked over as Rugrat coughed at the scene.
He waved for the guards to move aside. They did so and Rugrat scurried away before people could see his identity.
I wanted to surprise Hiao Xen—how will I do that now?
They left the totem and headed through the city.
As soon as they were away from the totem, Taran and Tan Xue burst out into laughter. The others from Alva all smiled or chuckled.
“What? I was busy with other things!” Rugrat complained.
“The lady at the totem doesn’t even know who you are—you sure we’re in the right place?” Tan Xue snorted and put her hand on Rugrat’s shoulder to steady herself.
Rugrat’s head sunk down, a nonplussed look on his face as he resigned himself to accept the word-based abuse.
Rugrat took them toward the first crafting districts. There were people trying to work on the buildings but there were others just lying around the place, making it hard to have any progress and increasing the build time considerably.
“These will be where the new tier-three workshops are built.” Rugrat frowned at the odd atmosphere as people moved around.
“Maybe in three years’ time! If the city lords think that we will work on an unsafe jobsite, they’re kidding themselves! We’re worked to the bone. Only when they acknowledge their misdeeds will we renegotiate with them!” a worker said, overhearing them.
His gloating smile froze with the collective murderous intent that came from the group.
Rugrat stopped the people from Alva from talking with a look. They all stared at the person who had talked.
Talking shit to a group of people who have Body Cultivation and Mana Gathering Cultivation?
Rugrat quickly moved them on to the crafting workshops, most of which had people loitering outside. There were guards here, trying to move people, but they weren’t putting their full effort into it.
The guards and the people who are causing the problems are from the same associations. The guards might have a high position outside of the association, but inside it, the crafters, even with their low levels, have a lot of power.
“I paid for an hour. So what if I’m eleven minutes late? I shouldn’t have it given to someone else! Does the government of Vuzgal not care about their customers!”
“What do you mean that I wasn’t working on my craft! It takes hours of thinking to come up with a plan!”
“You were sleeping!” someone from the workshop said.
“Says you!”
“This kind of atmosphere is good for no one to work in,” Taran said.
By now, all of the people from Alva felt that there was something wrong.
They went to the gates that led to the valley. It had changed. There, people from the Alchemist Association watched the gates with annoyed expressions as they looked at crafters and others making a ruckus outside.
“The conditions in the Crafting trial dungeons are horrible! No light, bad water, and the bathrooms don’t function! How are we supposed to work in such conditions? For one Earth mana stone, this can’t go on! We demand that the cost is decreased. For us to pay for these conditions, it’s outrageous!”
“Move! Coming through!” a group said, trying to get to the doorway. People mobbed them and crafters from all ranks gathered around them, making it hard to move.
“Going to the Crafting trial dungeon will only lead to despair!”
“Turn back—it is for your own benefit!”
The Alchemist Association didn’t interfere, not leaving their guarding positions. They couldn’t.
“You want to cause trouble with the Fighter’s Association!” one woman yelled as the mana in the area was stirred up.
People moved away and the party passed. Another group of crafters tried to get to the gate but were mobbed by the people.
“Come, fellow crafters! You might be independent but we all work together!”
“Work for yourself! Get out of my way!”
“We are looking out for your best interests!” another from the human wall said with fake smiles.
“Then pay me back for my ticket! Get out of my way!” another yelled.
“Don’t you see we’re helping you? You’ll thank us later,” another man from the wall said.
Rugrat looked at it. Instead of showing anything, his face had gone blank; his aura had retreated. Only the mana around him shimmered slightly.
George was in his small form. He raised his head. Flames started to appear around his body.
Rugrat reached up and patted his head.
“We’ll go to the castle and see what is going on.” Rugrat’s voice was calm. His thoughts had broken down linearly. He needed to know what was happening, and then come up with a solution to deal with it.
I hope that this is not due to Hiao Xen. No matter what issue arises, even if it weakens us now, this needs to stop.
They moved toward the castle. It stretched up into the sky, looking out over the rest of Vuzgal.
Rugrat saw another group outside of the main gate.
“Move aside or be removed!” a man yelled.
“See, the guards only resort to violence!”
“We just want to tell people the truth of your crafters! You don’t even have high Apprentice crafters! How can you teach crafting?”
“This is a city of crafters but you don’t know the needs of us crafters! Look at the condition of the workshops and the Crafting trial dungeon!”
“Like we can control the dungeon!” the man shouted back.
“Bring in the council of crafters!”
“Yeah! Representation for the crafters!”
“For the crafters, by the crafters! Vuzgal needs crafter oversight!”
“Crafter council?” Rugrat repeated these words, feeling as if he had locked onto a target finally.
His eyes moved to the people trying to force their way through the group.
“Allow them through,” the guard said.
The crafters and people milling around shot them dirty looks as they headed for the castle, lowering their heads in shame.
Rugrat walked forward. The people of Alva all held their heads high as the group found a new target.
“Look to your future! Don’t be blinded!” one called out.
Rugrat had reached the end of his patience and he extended his hand. Mana rolled toward him. This was his city, his dungeon, and he had a body of mana. People stumbled backward as they felt the mana reject them. Those who had weaker Mana Gathering Cultivation felt the mana being drawn from them. Others felt as if they were being choked, their mana cut off.
Rugrat cast one of his first spells, fueling it with the power he drew in. A massive spell formation appeared underneath all of the crafters.
“Silence.” He cast his Silence spell. The area went quiet. “That’s much better.”
He walked forward. The crowd opened their mouths but no noise came out as Rugrat and the group moved.
Instead, they used their bodies to try to stop them.
Rugrat walked into them. They were only crafters. Although they were powerful in their craft, many had let their cultivation slide. The people in Alva focused on their cultivation, religiously working to increase their strength day after day.
They forged a path through the crafters. Seeing that they wouldn’t be able to stop this new group, the crafters cast them dark looks that promised retribution as they stepped out of the way.
His eyes moved to the chests of the different people gathered.
Blue Lotus, Formation Guild, Crafter’s Association, a few random sects thrown in, a few from the Alchemist Association but they’re at least trying to hide their badges.
“Sir!” the guard yelled out and saluted Rugrat. He was one of the men from the Alva Army.
The others straightened as Rugrat marched through the gates with the crafters following him.
“Looks like things have changed around here—some good, some bad,” Rugrat said.
“Sir.” The man’s face darkened as he had a hard time putting what had happened into words.
“Let the others know that we’ve arrived.” Rugrat walked past the recruiting stations, and the crafters from Alva continued to follow him as he took them into the castle.
People looked at Rugrat and his group as they walked through the administration area of the castle.
Rugrat marched at the head. George rested on his shoulder. He looked lazy but Rugrat could feel the coiled energy within him.
Can’t have you mauling protestors now, Rugrat told him. George had barely restrained himself from leaping off Rugrat’s shoulder and charging into the crafters who dared to block his master’s path.
He understood some human language and the actions of others. Though he had beast thoughts instead of human. Creating dominance and asserting power were as far as his thoughts went to resolving the situation.
Rugrat quickly reached Hiao Xen’s office.
“Sir, Hiao Xen is not—” the secretary started to say.
“Find them lodging and someone to show them the workshops.” Rugrat walked up to the doors. The restraining formation and locks on the doors were useless as the medallion in his pocket unlocked them.
He opened the doors to find a ragged-looking Hiao Xen working at his desk.
“Didn’t I say I wasn’t supposed to be disturbed!” Hiao Xen yelled as he looked up. “Rugrat?” Hiao Xen asked as his brain caught up with his eyes.
Rugrat closed the doors behind him and locked them. “What the hell happened?”
He turned toward Hiao Xen, who slumped back into his chair, showing the fatigue of the last few days.
“Zhen Fu. She’s an Expert-class tailor from the Blue Lotus. She wanted me to give her access to the dungeon and to the castle workshops. I denied her. I guess she took it as a slight and then she started talking to the other crafters. As she says, everyone needs clothes. It looks like those she spoke to are others who are Experts as well.” Hiao Xen let out a cold laugh.
“So all of this is because you didn’t give her access to our resources and let her jump the line?” Rugrat asked.
“I swear on my oath to you,” Hiao Xen said. The golden light fell on them both, confirming the oath.
“You did good. Now, tell me what you’ve done in the meantime.” Rugrat’s face was still impassive as he moved to the desk and sat down. Even though he was on the receiving side, Hiao Xen was clearly the subordinate.
Rugrat took on the role of leader, leaving the funny business at the door.
“I added in new rules to the crafting workshops and the Crafting trial dungeon. In response, they had people start lazing around the construction site, making it unsafe. They started all of this propaganda about us not being a city for crafters. They used the fact that we don’t have crafters as a reason we can’t raise other crafters. Using their bodies and their words, they have essentially stopped all crafters from working and there are only a handful of people who have the guts to apply to join the administration department. It is hard for us to leave the castle. We were able to use the Fighter’s Association guards at the totem to resolve the issues there—few of the associations want to get on their bad sides.
“Otherwise, the guards from the other associations are in a tough position because they’re enforcing our rules against their own people who have a higher standing in their association than them. I didn’t want to use the forces training the Vuzgal army because of the focus you and Erik have placed on them. Also, if they made an issue with them, then this could blow up.”
“Smart. It’s just that they have people and reputation on their side and they’ve stalled the city. Do we know all of the players involved?”
Hiao Xen pulled out a stack of paper and put it on the desk. “These are the names of all the people Zhen Fu or her fellow Expert crafters have pulled over to their side.”
“Good.” A plan started to form in Rugrat’s head. “Sometimes one needs to just cut the infection out so it doesn’t fester.”
“What was that?” Hiao Xen asked.
“Nothing.” Rugrat sent a sound transmission.
A moment later, Tan Xue and all of the crafters who would become the department heads in Vuzgal opened the door.
“Rugrat?” Tan Xue asked.
“Come in. Close the door behind you,” Rugrat said.
“I’m sorry, sir!” the secretary said.
“Dougie, just do as they say,” Hiao Xen said.
“Yes, sir,” Dougie said, sounding confused.
The door closed behind the crafters, who walked up behind Rugrat.
“These are the new teachers for our own crafting school. Each is at least of the high Journeyman level,” Rugrat said.
Hiao Xen nodded.
“None of them are older than thirty-five, and Tan Xue is an Expert smith,” Rugrat said.
These words made Hiao Xen choke on his spit and have a violent bout of coughing. “Thirty-five?” he managed to choke out.
“Yup, we might be young, but we’ve got drive. As long as we work together and we’re driven, then we can cross more barriers than you’d think.” Rugrat smiled as he stood and looked at the crafters.
“I need all of your help. Today, you will familiarize yourselves with the workshops within the castle. Tomorrow, I want you to display all of your abilities.” Rugrat pulled out Heart Calming pills that Erik had made him to help with his smithing.
He passed them out to everyone within the room, their eyes shining.
“Show the world your strength with your skills. Materials will be provided as needed. Show me what you can do.” Rugrat looked into each of their eyes, the corner of his mouth pulling up slightly.
The crafters all showed their fighting spirit. They had been bottled up, working within Alva to display their skills. For many, this was their first time that they were in a city with their crafting skills.
They wanted to see just how far they could push themselves and the items that they could make.
Associations, bah—we’ll show them the strength of the Kanesh Academy!
Rugrat turned back to Hiao Xen. “They’ve been stopping people from joining, saying that we have no way to create proper Journeyman and Expert-level crafters; showing them that we have an Expert-level crafter already and a fully developed bunch of Journeyman smiths? I think that’ll be a nice kick to the teeth.” Rugrat grinned.
“Then we just need to find other Expert crafters—we show that we don’t care the level of people but their determination. We open up the training fully. I can see if we can’t get some teaching staff. They’ll be Journeyman level, but with time in the Expert-level crafting rooms and being around other crafters, I’m sure they’ll be able to make Expert sometime soon.”
“They’ll all be low level,” Taran said.
Rugrat used his sound transmission so Hiao Xen wouldn’t hear.
“Even better—shows how we have high-level crafters even at a young age. We should bring a few of the younger students who have done well on a trip,” Rugrat said. “Give them an incentive, allow them to improve and we increase their levels passively because of it. If the Kanesh Academy is the place that people go to learn, then this is the place where people go to make!”
“This will show our crafting ability, but then what about the people disrupting the city?” Hiao Xen asked.
“Summon all of the association heads here. They have three hours to comply. I wish to see them all.” A chill pervaded the air.
“I will see to it.” Hiao Xen started to send out sound transmissions.
***
“Who does he think he is?” The head of the Vuzgal Blue Lotus, Lang Bo, harrumphed as Nadia Shriver sat across from him.
“Acting city lord—does he think that will mean anything when he returns to the Blue Lotus?” Lang Bo said flippantly, before he waved to Nadia.
“Go in my place. He summoned me to a meeting in three hours? I have much more important things to deal with. He is undoubtedly unable to deal with the current situation and is looking for our help now. Make sure that you get good conditions from him. Zhen Fu’s influence is no small thing. She will only be pleased by him kowtowing and becoming the head of this council.”
Nadia knew the true purpose of the council was to pull power away from the leaders of Vuzgal and turn it to the power of these high-level crafters, who would then use the workshops and resources of Vuzgal to increase their position and their skill level.
She kept her mouth shut as she cupped her hands to Lang Bo. “I will do as you say.” It’s unfortunate that Hiao Xen ran into Zhen Fu before he was able to build up his network and his power base.
She left the room to prepare, going to her office—only to run into Zhen Fu on her way out.
Head Lang Bo must have told her.
“Expert Zhen Fu.” Miss Shriver bowed to her.
“I heard that Hiao Xen had the audacity to order our head around. I wish to see just what tricks he is up to,” she said, not hiding the information.
“Of course, Expert Zhen Fu.” It wasn’t as if she had the power to order her otherwise. Tricks? You mean the ways that he has tried to keep Vuzgal running? She wisely kept these thoughts to herself as they went to the awaiting carriage.
Zhen Fu ordered the driver to slow down, bringing them precariously close to the deadline they were supposed to meet Hiao Xen.
The groups that had been making a mess of Vuzgal moved aside respectfully, cupping their fists.
Miss Shriver didn’t say anything at their clear deference toward the associations and the Experts who had tagged along with different heads or deputy heads.
The same thing happened at the castle when they gained access.
Miss Shriver felt that she was more of an attendant rather than the representative of the Blue Lotus.
A guard frowned, looking at them both. “Neither of you looks like Lang Bo,” he said.
“You dare to look at us with those eyes!” Zhen Fu said, going into a rage looking at the low-level fighter.
His eyes moved to her. There was no emotion in them, her rank meaning nothing to him.
“I am Deputy Head Nadia Shriver,” Nadia said.
The man let out a huff and waved a woman guard forward. “Escort them to the meeting hall.”
As they passed the man and followed the woman guard, Zhen Fu opened her mouth.
“I will see you in the streets. No one, not even the other beggars, will help you and your family,” she said as she passed, flashing her Expert-level tailor badge.
Nadia couldn’t do anything, but the man, instead of apologizing or getting angry, just shook his head and continued to look out on Vuzgal.
In Zhen Fu’s eyes, only those who were of a higher position than her or of the same status were worth her time. All others were subservient and they should act as such, or else she would ruin their futures.
She was petty and cruel; one only needed to look at how she had motivated the different groups within Vuzgal. She saw the city, with a lower level non-crafting manager placed above her, and she couldn’t take it.
Was her outrage all a pretext so that she could take control over the city, to wield its power as she sees fit?
A chill went down Nadia’s spine. She felt as though she had started to see another side of Zhen Fu: a cold, calculating woman who played with people in her hand as if they were dice.
***
Zhen Fu looked over the castle as if it already belonged to her.
Forcing the council of crafters upon them will be the first step. Then I will slowly choke them out and establish my rule over Vuzgal, making them deal with the running of the city while I deal with how power is exchanged. Other than the headquarters for each of the associations, Vuzgal will become the most powerful place in the Fourth Realm. After all, the reason I came to the Fourth Realm from the Fifth was not because of the fighting, but for the ability to earn greater rewards than possible in the two higher realms and not have to compete with others while doing so. A mid-Expert-level crafter in the Fourth Realm is akin to a god.
She smiled to herself. She had manufactured this situation. The other Experts she had contacted willingly supported her with the promise of positions and resources. Other Experts didn’t want to get involved and took a neutral stance but none of them dared to stand up to her.
The rebuilding is rough, but with the help of a few Journeymen builders, it will be more suitable.
The woman leading them opened a door for them into a meeting room. The heads of the other associations were there.
The Fighter’s Association head sat there with a bored look on his face. The Alchemist Association head looked perfectly relaxed. The Formation Guild, Crafter’s Association, and Healer’s Association all had confident looks on their faces. They had all brought Expert-level crafters with them; the Fighter’s Association head hadn’t brought anyone with him and the Alchemist Association had the deputy head with her.
They looked over at their entrance while the Expert-level crafters who had tagged along rose and cupped their fists to Zhen Fu.
“Please, please take your seats.” She smiled, already taking the momentum of the meeting away from the lonely looking Hiao Xen, who sat facing the associations.
Zhen Fu’s eyebrow rose. Although Hiao Xen looked tired, he didn’t look broken yet. When you return to the Blue Lotus, I will turn you and your family into my playthings. Otherwise, wouldn’t others think me weak?
She sat down on the main seat, forcing Nadia to sit in the aide’s seat, making herself the head of the table.
“So, what is this meeting about?”
“Banishment.” A voice came from Hiao Xen and an illusion spell dissolved behind him, revealing two chairs. One was empty; the other showed a man sitting back in it, holding up his head with his hand.
To his side, there was a wolf with fur that looked like moving flames. It was lying down but it was as tall as the man’s chair.
You dare to sit there and stare down on me! He must be one of the city lords.
“I don’t think that Hiao Xen deserves that. He was in over his head. The crafter’s council will, of course, be willing to make sure that the crafters and Vuzgal continue to develop seamlessly.” She smiled, unaffected by the theatrics.
“Ugh—talking. Sometimes it’s just so useless,” the man said, a bored look on his face.
Her eyes thinned dangerously. “The council is the only group that can return order and prosperity to Vuzgal,” she said.
“Silence.” The mana in the room stilled under the man’s command.
A spell enveloped her. A silence restriction fell on her body, making her unable to talk. The talismans and enchantments written into her robes tried to fight the restriction but they didn’t have the power to break the spell. The man sat there, looking at her as he poured out a seemingly inexhaustible amount of mana.
“You dare attack—”
“Too much talk,” Rugrat said, using a silencing spell on the other Expert-level crafters in the room. “Don’t you find it interesting that the troublemakers in my Vuzgal show up to this meeting? It seems I will need to add Lang Bo to the list.”
How is he able to cast Silence on all of us? It is a simple spell and doesn’t take much mana, but all five Expert-level crafters are restrained by him.
“What do you mean by this?” the head of the Healer’s Association stood and demanded.
“I mean to run Vuzgal,” the city lord said simply as he pulled out some documents and wrote something down.
Hiao Xen looked at him in question as well.
I will tear you apart! I will take Vuzgal from you, and I will make you watch from the pillar as it grows in strength and I become its queen!
Zhen Fu’s anger had reached its limit as her last defensive talisman failed, the silence spell keeping her restrained.
***
Nadia wasn’t sure what she was seeing as Zhen Fu gripped her armrests, her nails digging into the wood.
“By attacking our crafters! I thought what I heard in the streets wasn’t true. It seems I was mistaken,” the Healer’s Association head said in a derisive tone.
“Congratulations, another winner on a one-way ticket.” The man wrote down another name and stood, clapping his hands.
“Now, seems some of you have forgotten the agreements we made. You were supposed to supply guard forces that were to aid in dealing with the security issues of Vuzgal. You were allowed to use the services of Vuzgal freely, as anyone in Vuzgal is allowed. Vuzgal is a sovereign land and you’re all renting a plot of it. Seems that you thought this meant you owned it or something.” The man laughed as if it were a rich joke. “You also agreed to punish your people in a way we agreed upon if they created trouble. I’ll be waiting to hear from your headquarters on how they deal with the troublemakers who have appeared in my city.”
“Who do you think you are!” the Formation Guild head demanded.
“I’m fucking Rugrat and this is MY CITY!”
The mana in the room was no longer still as Rugrat’s voice filled the room and spread to the city. A pressure came from him that restrained the very mana in their veins and made it feel as if they stood in the presence of a war god. His voice turned deeper as he looked at them all, his eyes glowing with power.
“Vuzgal will remain a place free for all to visit, no matter your sect or your association. Those who create trouble or go against our laws will be punished.”
Nadia realized that his voice was ringing through the entirety of Vuzgal.
“To those who wish to spend their idle time stopping people from getting to the dungeons, from being able to work, trying to oppress others with their actions and words, disrupting Vuzgal and its residents’ lives…” The man dropped the papers he had been working on and added another name—the name of the Formation Guild head.
Rugrat placed his hand on the thick bundle of papers. “I banish you from Vuzgal. You will never again be allowed to step onto Vuzgal’s territory. Crafters, traders, fighters, people from all walks of life are allowed to visit, but troublemakers, those who disrupt others or the running of the city, will be banished. I banish those listed as disturbing the peace in Vuzgal. This is effective immediately.”
With Rugrat’s voice dying down, a light flashed through the documents under his hand. The heads of the Healer’s Association and Formation Guild as well as Zhen Fu and the other Experts stood and started to run out of the city. A flood of people who had been doing their bidding fled as well.
A city lord’s compulsion. This is why city lords are called gods on their own land. If they are in a war, they can’t do anything, and if they are given the city by a higher power, like a sect, king, or an association, then they can’t banish anyone sent down by that higher power. To do this against the associations, and to tell everyone in Vuzgal about it publicly…
Nadia was rooted to her seat. People only had a few choices when they were being banished: which direction to run, and to use a totem or not.
This was one of the benefits that the Ten Realms gave to city lords. This alone was a powerful draw.
“I am sorry about these disturbances that have been going on the last few days,” Rugrat said sincerely. His voice no longer echoed over the city as he looked at the remaining people around the table.
“Vuzgal hopes that with time we will be able to restore your confidence in us. We invite you all to come tomorrow, when we will be allowing people to come to view our workspaces within the castle as a preview of the workshops we are building in the city and as a friendly exchange between crafters. Also, I was wondering if the Fighter’s Association would assist us in building a Battle Arena, a place for people to trade pointers and to have weekly tournaments.”
With Rugrat’s words, the remaining groups perked up. With one hand, he offered banishment; with the other, he finally revealed the strength of Vuzgal and offered a way to grow together.
The Fighter’s Association head, who had been interested in the Experts being kicked out, showed a smile on his face. “Someone who is straightforward—are you sure you’re not a person from the Fighter’s Association?”
“I wish it was as easy being the city lord as it was fighting.” Rugrat smiled.
Nadia was having a hard time matching the man before to the man now. The two of them seemed to be different sides of the same coin. Vuzgal is not simple, but what will the blowback from this all be? Just who did they banish?
“I know that you all have a lot to attend to. I hope to see you tomorrow, if possible. Vuzgal should have returned to its regular operation then.” Rugrat smiled as they stood and made to leave. Then he stopped and looked at Nadia.
“Tell Elder Lu that City Lord West is in seclusion, working to create the concoction he is looking for. Tell him that I am getting tired of dealing with Blue Lotus issues.”
Nadia’s body trembled. She knew that the Blue Lotus was in the wrong here. She had heard that Elder Lu had visited in the past, but she didn’t think that it was the Elder Lu who commanded the Blue Lotus in the Fourth Realm.
She made sure to cup her fists and bow to him.
He nodded and headed off.
She breathed a sigh of relief before she left, marching toward her carriage, her face pale as she rushed to see what state the Blue Lotus was in.
***
Rugrat let out a breath and slumped to the ground, a few steps down the corridor from the meeting room.
Hiao Xen moved to grab and support him. The mana usage had been heavy as he restrained Expert crafters and then used a sound amplification scroll he had activated earlier, as well as his mana domain to stun the remainder and pass on his message.
“Just lower me down. None of them should see me here,” Rugrat said.
George padded over. At his full height, he looked down at his master.
“Damn, that sucked,” Rugrat said from the ground. “Don’t worry—just need to recover my mana.”
George looked at his slumped master and yawned, heading down the corridor.
“Some solidarity would be nice!”
George let out a yowl.
“Do you only think about food?”
George’s yowls came from the hallway he was walking down.
“Are you sure that banishing them is the right idea?” Hiao Xen asked Rugrat, squatting down next to him.
“First, it shows our strength. Second, it shows our neutrality. Third, we’ve set a precedence for anyone who tries to disrupt Vuzgal, or step on our heads with their rank. We don’t care who you are or your backing; Vuzgal will continue to operate. If they want to try to get back at Vuzgal, what can they do? They can stand in front of all the totems, checking where people are going? If they send people to cause trouble, you just banish them as well. Then, instead of us wasting resources, they’ll be running into a wall. The associations have contracts with us; if they break them, then they’re just letting people from the other sects and independent forces take their spots at the workshops and the Crafting trial dungeon. We can also frame it to show their real feelings, how they made a contract but are unwilling to follow through. Looks bad on them and people won’t trust them as much. Even if they block us in the short-term, the amount it will cost in the long-term will only mount.
“With time, we can raise Expert-level crafters or hire them. I have faith in this. So what is kicking out a few Experts who are trying to take over the city? There are more to be found. Maybe you should make sure that the other crafters know this. As long as they don’t cross our line, then they can craft to their heart’s content.”
“Okay.” Hiao Xen was a bit shocked by how far Rugrat had thought ahead.
“Even if it comes back on us, it was worth seeing their pissed-off expressions. Some people are just pricks.” Rugrat laughed as he pushed himself up onto his arms and started to get up.
“Did you just think of all those reasons after you banished them?” Hiao Xen asked, coughing as he realized what he’d just asked.
“Yup!” Rugrat laughed. “Got to think quick on your feet when a gunny asks just what the fuck you’re doing. Bullshit on the fly one-o-one!”
Hiao Xen started to massage his temples, trying to lessen the building headache.
Chapter: Holy Land of Fighters and Crafters
Nadia didn’t sleep well. She hadn’t slept at all. She had spent the night with Blue Lotus personnel, demanding answers. People were outraged and calling for them to go against Vuzgal. Then everything had gone silent as Elder Lu’s rage cleansed these naysayers from the Blue Lotus.
People were scared stiff as it was clear that the Blue Lotus’s connection to Vuzgal was not a simple one.
She received a message from the headquarters that said that she was now the head of the Vuzgal Blue Lotus until someone else was sent over.
With it came a new transfer, the sub-commander of her guard. Olivia Gray was the leader of the Tareng guards and had been the person to fight beside the Vuzgal leadership against the Blood Demon sect army. She had been dismissed from her duties after remedial training and punishment she was being sent to Vuzgal. She had seen Erik and Rugrat from up close as well as their forces. While she had stepped over the line, she did it out of frustration and anger, lashing out at anyone in her way.
She was still a powerful fighter and a good commander, who had previous experience with the Vuzgal leadership, making her a useful asset. Still she was under strict orders, if she stepped out of line then her previous punishments would feel like nothing more than a walk in the park.
She would arrive in a few days. Nadia was hoping that she could get some more information from her to understand these new city lords.
The message indicated that she was also to talk to Hiao Xen and make sure that he and Rugrat knew the Blue Lotus was determined to work together with them in the future in an equal partnership.
So she now found herself with a group of crafters who had not been banished from Vuzgal going to the castle.
The different carriages went through a side entrance that was much larger than the main entrance into the castle.
Her mind relaxed as they entered.
“The mana density is much higher here than in the rest of Vuzgal. With this concentration of mana, all of the mana in the city must be concentrated here,” Kaeso said with approval.
“With a higher mana concentration, people will find it easier to focus their mind and remove distractions and won’t be as fatigued,” Nadia said.
“Yes, Miss Shriver.” Kaeso smiled. He was an Expert-level woodworker but had remained neutral in what had happened in Vuzgal and Zhen Fu had overlooked him. He was an older man, late to become an Expert-level crafter, and his resources were much less than others in the Blue Lotus. He didn’t mind and lived a simple life teaching others woodworking and improving his own craft.
Although he was an older Expert crafter, he had seen a lot more of the Ten Realms than others and had a wealth of experience.
He was also the highest ranking crafter from the Blue Lotus remaining in the city, to show that the Blue Lotus wasn’t slighting the Vuzgal city lord’s invitation.
“There are isolating formations and mana gathering formations set up across the area, removing the outside noises so that people won’t be distracted from their work. This was made by someone who has worked with other crafters before,” Kaeso said as they passed the outer area, which had different workshops built up among multi-story buildings that were simple but elegant.
They reached an inner area, which was divided up into regions. There was a large library broken into several different lecture halls, with people rushing from class to class.
There was another area with several warehouses where people were taking out their daily resources.
Then there were workshops, ranging from Apprentice to Expert.
Classes were being conducted in these different workshops. It wasn’t filled, but there were still hundreds of people who had applied. Vuzgal’s population had exploded and there was no less than two hundred thousand people in the city, with a large portion of transient people who would come to trade or see the city, stay for a short period and then leave.
Still, Vuzgal had held onto a great amount of the property, developing it themselves or releasing it in batches. The landowner’s house had turned into an auction house when spots opened up; the price of land simply increased too quickly.
The land would simply be too expensive for any small trading group. It would need a conglomerate or at least a mid-level sect to buy out even some small plot. Though those who dedicate themselves to Vuzgal can get lands paid for as long as they carry out their duties. They can also increase their levels and skills. I was blinded by Zhen Fu’s actions, but with that removed and if Vuzgal is allowed to develop, then their strength will only grow. Yes, it might take time, but even Expert crafters are willing to offer lessons and tips if the conditions are right.
“The Apprentice to Expert-level workshops are all grouped together. Wouldn’t the Expert-level crafters be annoyed by the distractions?” she asked Crafter Kaeso.
“It might be annoying to some crafters, but to those who want to teach others, this is the ideal situation as people can watch what they are doing and they can watch others in turn. I am more interested in how all of the facilities, no matter the crafting skill, are all together. Most sects and even the associations will group people based on the skill that they’re trying to learn and make sure they all focus and discuss only their craft. In sects or associations that focus on one particular craft, their resources are dedicated to those who increase their ability with Alchemy or formations, as with the Alchemy Association and the Formation Guild. Here, everyone seems to be equal.” Kaeso laughed, as if he discovered something as their carriage came to a stop.
Other carriages had come and students waited to take them around the different crafting workshops.
Nadia looked at Kaeso.
“Oh, sorry, I thought it might be ridiculous. After all, crafters can get rather full of themselves. Though if they’re all trained together in a place like this, working together, then wouldn’t they appreciate one another a bit more? Even the Crafter’s Association has different schools and isolate their people. Though, if they’re learning together from when they start, if they come from humble beginnings and they’re given a chance, what would happen?”  Kaeso asked.
She could feel that it was some kind of test. “Wouldn’t they do everything to take advantage of it?”
“Yes, to some degree, but don’t you think that they might also be much more loyal to the people who raised them? Were you born into the Blue Lotus or did you join?”
“I was born in,” she said.
“I joined and I can tell you that I will die as a member of the Blue Lotus. They took a chance with me, and I was able to get to this position. I am an old man, but I hope that my students will be able to help increase the strength of Blue Lotus. Some might call me a fanatic, but, think—if just a minority of those who are taught by Vuzgal support it, and I mean fully?”
“They don’t even have Journeyman crafters, though,” Nadia said.
“With time, given their position, they will be able to invite others to assist in teaching their people, or directly hire them,” Kaeso said as the door to the carriage opened.
They stepped out of the carriage.
“Hello Miss Shriver, Expert Kaeso.” The student bowed to them deeply, his eyes shining as he said Jansen’s name.
Kaeso smiled simply while Nadia stood there as he came up out of his bow.
“Please, if you come this way, we have some of the students and department heads giving a demonstration of their skills,” the student said.
***
Rugrat accessed his interface before accepting the changes he had made.
The mana that was drifting stilled as it was being drawn in. Then, from the main pillar, a faint blue shimmer appeared and Rugrat felt his mind clearing with the heightened mana.
“Feels more like home,” Tan Xue said.
“The mana density down there is much higher. It is a smaller space; there are a lot of powerful people and we have a large core and mana stones. Just by containing the mana in the dungeon and siphoning off a bit into the mana gathering formation and allowing the rest to circulate within, the effects are stronger. It’ll be the same density inside the castle. The conditions in the rest of Vuzgal will have a much higher mana density than the wilds of the Fourth Realm, but lower than back home,” Rugrat said.
“But for fighters in your Battle Arena, they’ll be able to fight longer without the mental drain, crafters will be able to cast spells for less mana and craft for longer and at a higher level.” Tan Xue let out a laugh. “You’re one sneaky smith.”
“In and out, undetected and unsuspected.” Rugrat winked.
Tan Xue grimaced. “Be a lot less creepy if you weren’t pulling your shorts out of your butt crack.”
“It’s really stuck in there. I thought I was hiding it well,” Rugrat said, giving up all pretense of trying to “hide” his activities.
“You ever get sparks in there?”
“A man needs to commit to the look, or else it’s foolish. And yes. And why do you think I always have a ladle of quenching water nearby? Thinking man, I am!”
“Pants! Use PANTS! Ugh, come on, that image isn’t getting out! Is nothing sacred! I thought you just missed last week!”
“Nope, burnt mah nuts.”
Tan Xue looked to the ceiling. Words—sanity—had failed her, while her imagination, the little devil, conjured unwanted images in her mind.
“Aren’t you scared with banning the Experts that less people will come to Vuzgal?”
“Nah. Shows we’re not scared of them, don’t see them as important. They don’t have as much weight to throw around and well, we’ll have more of our own Experts soon! Also, with this kind of mana density, the facilities, you think that many people are going to miss out because we dealt with some assholes trying to move on us? It is the Ten Realms—strength is respected.”
“Yeah, you’re not wrong there. Guess with Alva, people care more about the work you put in and the person you are than just your strength.”
“’Cause we’re not—woo-hoo!” An ember split off from within the forge, which Rugrat’s back was facing. He jumped up in alarm, his eyes going wide. “Grab the ladle!”
“No! You grab the ladle!” she yelled.
Rugrat jumped and ass bombed the quench bucket. A faint hissing came from his attire.
***
“Have they lost their minds?” Nadia looked up at the shimmering blue mana that fell over the city, the mana density increasing once again. “It must cost tens of Earth mana stones per day to increase the mana density like that all over the city.”
“A fee that they can easily pay for with the entrance tolls, or the taxes they can earn on the increased manufacturing of higher quality goods by the crafters,” Kaeso said. “Really, Zhen Fu and the others were too short-sighted. Others might call this wasteful, but how many crafters would want to work in this environment? Or fighters want to train against one another in that new arena and then fight in the dungeons? I bet the Alchemist and the Fighter’s Associations are feeling rather pleased. Look at where the mana goes.”
Nadia looked over to the valley, seeing the mana pass over the wall. The pillars that ringed the valley activated, allowing mana to drift down toward the valley.
“The city lord meant to increase the mana density to help the workers working on the workshops to accelerate their speed and revitalize the people and visitors to Vuzgal after these last few trying days,” the student said in a humble voice with hints of pride.
Nadia smiled at the student, understanding where that pride came from.
“The crafting demonstrations should be well underway now, though Expert Tan Xue has probably just started,” the student said.
“Expert Tan Xue?” Nadia’s eyebrow rose.
“She is an Expert-level smith. She is twenty-seven this year.” The student tried to be nonchalant, but their excitement showed through.
Nadia shared a look with Kaeso.
I thought that they didn’t even have any Journeyman-level crafters, much less Experts. Just what the hell is going on in this city? As soon as I think that I know something, it gets turned on its head!
“Let’s head over, shall we?” Kaeso proposed.
“This way,” the student said.
“Could we go past the workshops that the woodworkers are in?” Kaeso asked.
“Certainly,” the student said. “The healing workshop is actually a hospital. All issues from those who are employed by Vuzgal as well as the students and the military can be treated here. Also, people who are looking to have a private appointment can come and pay two coppers for healing. Attached to them are the alchemists who help out the healers, or medics if they come from the military.”
“Who is the leader of the healing house?”
“That would be Department Head Kyle. He has extensive knowledge in dealing with different health issues and injuries.
“Then there is the Alchemy workshop. Ingredients are purchased from the Alchemist Association or grown in our very own growing areas. All of the plants within the castle will be changed over to ingredients that are meant to calm one’s mind and relieve their fatigue. So a number of the Novices and Apprentices are out doing that while the Journeyman-level teachers are conducting lectures.”
“Do they sell any of their products, like the healers?” Nadia asked.
“All products made within the academy can be sold to those in the academy, or will be sold by affiliated stores within the city. The higher level ones, I believe, will be auctioned off. I heard we can only make mid Journeyman-level concoctions repeatedly but not every time,” the student said.
Nadia coughed, shooting a look at Kaeso.
It seemed as if the student didn’t understand just how unique their situation was. Most sects of the Fourth Realm desired mid Journeyman pills and would use them as rewards for their mid to high-level fighters. This student made them seem as if they were just candies.
They slowed down as they got to the woodworking shop.
A woman was working with a formation powered lathe. With easy movements, she cut down the wood, rounding it out.
She took it and added it to a carriage wheel she was making. She attached the spokes all together and then the outer wheel, adding it to a carriage frame that was outside the workshop. It rested on stone as weights were piled up in the cart until the stone underneath broke, but the wheels and carriage were fine.
“Each of those spokes is practically identical, allowing them to be switched out as long as one has another one of them. Their strength is all balanced. One could lose three spokes probably before the wheel failed. Though the interesting thing was how they left space for enchantments. When they were working with the wood, they unconsciously injected mana into it, strengthening it and refining the impurities that were inside the wood, increasing its tensile strength. They only cut away the excess wood, as if revealing the spoke and wheel underneath. If you look, there aren’t even any blemishes on the wood. Without these imperfections, the wood will be much stronger as there are no weak points. They also didn’t leave any markings on the wood. Some people using a chisel will leave behind notches. Although not a big thing when starting, over time these notches might create a weakness and allow the spoke to fall apart.
“The inner wood was dark ocher wood, which has a high strength and is hard to work with, but then it doesn’t rot over time. The wheel wood is green oak. It has a high strength, but it is also flexible, so when it hits stuff on the road, it will deform slightly instead of being purely brittle,” Kaeso said, reviewing what he had seen to Nadia.
“It looks simple on the outside but it takes a lot of work to complete and understanding of techniques and materials. To the outside observer, the artist’s painting looks like it was easy to complete, but to other artists they see the brushstrokes and the craft contained within,” Kaeso said as Nadia’s eyebrows pinched together in intrigue.
They went to the smithy, where the largest group of people were checking out the Journeyman smiths.
There must be about ten Journeyman smiths. It is one of the harder crafts to pick up in the lower realms. But to raise so many, and they look so young too…
They followed the student, who led them back toward a larger and more refined forge.
Inside was a woman working on a piece of metal. Her entire body thrummed with energy as the mana shifted around her and struck with her hammer as she worked at her anvil.
She had enhanced the metal already and was shaping it. Her mana flowed into the item as she first stretched out the metal and then brought it into rough shape. The blade vibrated but her tongs held it still.
She then placed the blade into the furnace, taking a breath before pulling out the blade and placing it on the anvil. Mana formed on the head of her hammer and she slammed it down onto the blade. The blade went from rough to polished finished, with traces of mana lingering in new lines and runes that had formed.
She struck down again; another section completed and runes and lines appeared perfectly.
“Is this imprinting formations through smithing?” Nadia said.
“I believe it is. One must have a good understanding of formations, but more than that, they need to have a greater control over their mana and their body and their knowledge of what they’re smithing. If they make one mistake, then the item would come out as a failure. At best, it would drop a grade; at worst, one would need to melt down the metal and reforge it,” Kaeso said.
