
*****************************************************
*****************************************************
Your ebook has decrypted.
The TXT file just save 20% of ebook content.
Please register the software, then get all contents and the valid ebook format.
*****************************************************
*****************************************************


    The Dao of Magic
Book IV
Andries Louws
The Dao of Magic - Book IV
Copyright © 2019 Andries (WeirdWhirl) Louws
Cover design & art © 2019 by Andries (WeirdWhirl) Louws
All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced or used in any manner without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
V1.0
Index
Index
Private 
Worm 
Acidulous 
Circulation 
Legs 1 
Legs 2 
Supposition 1 
Supposition 2 
Affairs 
Intruding 1 
Intruding 2 
Intruding 3 
Antsy 1 
Antsy 2 
Antsy 3 
Resumption 1 
Resumption 2 
Resumption 3 
Resumption 4 
Resumption 5 
Resumption 6 
Eating 1 
Eating 2 
Manducate 1 
Manducate 2 
Manducate 3 
Manducate 4 
Manducate 5 
Manducate 6 
Manducate 7 
Manducate 8 
Bonds 1 
Bonds 2 
Reciprocation 1 
Reciprocation 2 
Reciprocation 3 
Reciprocation 4 
Acknowledgements
As usual, lot’s of love and thanks for reading my writing! Without you, I would just be some weird guy that punches keyboards all day. Thanks for that!
Also many thanks to everyone who supported me in the writing of this book, namely all my lovely proof-readers and Patrons:
Zivlanir, Zeiryu & Zivlanir, Zeiryu, xydra22, Wolfram Von Peterhausen, William mccarthy, William Hoyt, Wiljami Anttila, Vorquel, Visi, Viktor Thornqvist, Trevor Sales, Tomislav FistriÄ‡, Tomislav Fistri─ç, Toc Anastar, Thubanshee, TheLunaticCo, tetsumora, tehlu, Taverius, Tate Anderson, t0tom, Stranger, Spooky Bones, Sparkey, Something witty and offencive, Siobhan NIghtshade, SideraX, Septimus, Seijax, Sean Rumler, Seadrake, Sanjay, Sanderson Dersham, saganatsu, Ryan Blair, RYAN, rwn, RR, Roland Hansson, Rodrigo Noronha, Rodrick Dusio, Robert Beine, Rhiannon Demeter, Rayna Veleva, Programan, Priddles, Pietr Alexander Dragonov, Peregos, Patrick Sylvester-Jose, Paichun, Ozzy, Oskar NordstrÃ¶m, Orims, NineYetis, Nigel Franklin, Nick Dubitsky, Nathan Fish, Nathan emerson, NA Young, mt2222, mr sparks, Michael Thaller, Michael Ruhland, Meredith Leu, Matthew Walker, Matthew M, mars kiyu, Marcus Seigman, Marcus, Marco A Enquel Ponce, Man of u, Magdragon, MaddoScientisto, Luke Baseley, Louis Bordessoules, Leonard Marchant, LAzza, Kyle f, Kosie van der Merwe, Konno Yumi, kirasakuya, Kharon Styx, Kenneth Stiles, Ken Johnson, Kalvin Dunn, Jule Hutzler, joshua strider, Joshua John Wallace, Joshua Henne, Joseph, Jose Miguel Diaz, Jordan U, Johnathan, Johannes karlsson, Jesse Palmer, Jerome, Jerad Stephens, Jared Spitzer, Jason Hogue, James Cohen, Jakob, Israel, IronJim, Hugh Legge, Hal, Graeme Kent, Glyndon Peters Hotchkiss, Gillium, Ghostingstar, GenericKane, Gardor, Gabriel Boudreau, Francisco J Guzman, Florian Deutsch, Flogoyog, Filippo sagra, Eric Jaschen, Eric Blanz, Enni Avoranta, Enaz the great, ElricFlairgold, Elrath, Elaborate, Edward Scott, earlj, Dragoon, Dom Ritter and T Lewis, Dom Ritter & T Lewis, DokkaN, Doggi, Dicky wongsonegoro, DesertWight, Derek Finnigan, Demian Buckle, Definitely  not Dio, Dawn, Davide Dici, David Opseth, David n smith, David Madden, Dave The Technician, Dark Chaos, Daniel young, Daniel Stahel Christiansen, Daniel Rhodes, Daniel Mackie, Damayne Hyatt, Cory Cinquini, Corneel Louws, Cole Terlesky, CJ, Chrome, Chris Vogt II, Chris Flores, Chris, CharleyHorse, BukVyrm, Bud Terry, Bryan wiggins, bob Johnson, Bob, Bill Dixon, Azarek, Avartil, Athos Kieran, Athena Delacroix, Artherium, Argetsword, Antoine Cavaliero, Angel Diaz, Andres MadroÃ±al Benitez, Amine Tahiri Alaoui, Alge, Alexei Azimov, Alexander Smith, Alex, Aidan Green, Adarsh BV, Adam Roundfield, Adam Andersson, 28th00
Please enjoy!
CHAPTER ONE
Private
Day 10
Keeneff is dead. He’s still alive, his hearts still pumps, and he even takes the occasional breath, but he really is dead as they come. This annoys Keeneff to no end. He is even losing his appetite on several levels over this issue.
His large canines dig into his pencil, the small stick of wood encasing a core of pigment offering a surprising amount of resistance. He casts another inquisitive glance at the new invention, his worried mind seeking relief from the circular path his thoughts have been going through for the past few days.
And that’s because Keeneff is basically dead. His remaining life can be measured in seconds. Glancing at the piece of scrap paper he wrote the calculation down on, he reaffirms that he has an estimated one hundred and fifty million seconds left to live. His death looms over the horizon years away, but this does not diminish the fact that it impacts his mood in a rather negative manner.
“Ah, honey. Hell is truly other people. How could they do this?”
The voice that is slowly growing louder sounds distinctly feminine and distinctly beaked. The occasional snap and clatter of what Keeneff suspects to be a sizable set of bills adds interesting kinds of inflexions to the soft-spoken voice.
“I still don’t know the answer to that. And they say that hell is getting to watch you live your own life in productive ways instead of all the ways you fucked up. Maybe I can get to see what life I would have lived had I not married someone of your temperament.” Keeneff can’t help but smile as he hears the other voice, a slightly high pitched yet masculine timbre. His large nostrils flare, and he unconsciously combs his fingers through his mane.
The concept of hell is a bit vague to him, but he understands that it’s supposed to be a negative thing. He muses that he’d probably end up laughing his ass off at all the useless things that the productive version of him would have accomplished.
“Ah, honey. You always know what to say to get me in the correct mood.” The sound of the clattering beak is enough for Keeneff to recognize what kind of relationship exists between the two. The soft padding of feet growing fainter is even more of a clue. Keeneff idly picks a fibre of sinew from between his teeth and hunches over his desk.
He silently laments the chain of events that has put him in his current position. He used to be above all this, never having to walk through the dirt like some peasant. The small room he is currently in is the epitome of all he has been trying to avoid.
But then again, Keeneff likes dying even less than working. He sighs deeply and looks around the small space. A few beams of sunlight shine through the closed shutters, illuminating the clutter surrounding his desk. He is seated upon an old and worn leather chair, his legs splayed upon the dusty, massive bureau. The walls are covered in a dense tapestry of filing cabinets and cupboards. None of the storage items show any signs that they have been touched in the last ten years or so.
The timid knocking on his door wakes the large man from his sullen musings. “Come in. It’s open.”
The first thing that follows the opening door is a long and yellow beak. It nervously clacks and clatters as it enters the dark room, bringing an elegant and feather-covered head along with it. A shapely body follows as the woman steps into the room.
“Hello?” An elegant coughing fit follows her nervous greeting. The woman grabs a piece of cloth from her purse and blows her nose in a manner that can only be called elegant. “Are you detective Keen?”
“Private eye Keeneff, what do you want?” He eyes her up, his gaze roving over each curve of feather and keratin. The woman shudders - as they all do - while Keeneff licks his lips.
“My… my pet has gone missing. He disappeared yesterday, and I haven’t seen him since. I don’t know what could’ve happened, but normally he always comes home after sundown. It’s just so unlike him to not return after galivanting through the neighbourhood. I told my neighbour, and she told me that her cousin’s acquaintance knows someone who had been helped by you. So I decided to come here immediately. Please help me find poor Gronxar…”
Keeneff keeps staring at the woman. His eyes slide over the tight dress she is wearing, a simple yet elegant high-quality cut of silk. He drinks in the small decorations drilled into her long beak and the unobtrusive necklace worn around her long neck. “And Gronxar is a…”
“A wonderful dear and sweetie. He is always so gentle with kids. He likes to annoy new guests, but you only need to give him a swat on the nose and he becomes as meek as a kitten.”
“And his species?” Keeneff rumbles.
“No, no. I wouldn’t dare categorize him like that. Neither should you, mister. You might be the best detective in the Capital, but that doesn’t mean that you can just categorize people and beings like that…”
Keeneff keeps staring at the woman, her huffy attitude melting under his predatory gaze. He licks his lips again and stands up, slowly walking closer. She clutches her purse tighter to her chest, backing up against the closed door.
“You see,” he speaks in a low rumble, “I’d love to help you in any way possible, but I need to know what I’m working with first.” He stalks closer, the woman not quite knowing how to react. The predatory eyes trained on her start doing all kinds of funny things to her body. The glowing eyes of the large detective boring into her soul with sintering intensity come nearer still.
“So, ma’am,” he continues while walking ever closer, “please tell me what you want me to do.” Like a predator stalking its unaware, masochistic, and perverted prey, Keeneff walks closer. His large frame towers above the small figure of the beaked woman, her long legs rubbing together.
“I…” she falters, “I’m sure that you can help me…”
Keeneff grins, showing large teeth, his gaze never leaving his victim.
⁂
Keeneff shuts the door behind him, stepping into the narrow hallway. He adjusts his clothes, wiping away the stains as best he can. He licks his hand and drags it through his luscious mane, bringing some form of order to the wild tangle.
The soft snoring that comes from his highly satisfied customer shuts off the moment he closes the door. He walks down the rickety stairs and steps outside and into the bustling streets. He casts a glance towards his shuttered windows, making sure that the sprawled out and naked form of his newest client isn’t visible to the outside world. He adjusts his pants, shifting himself into a more comfortable position, and walks on.
The client had managed to tell him more details amidst their other activities. The pet she lost is her mansion's guard mutant, a specific strain of animal that hadn’t lost its reason after experiencing a mutating mana imbalance. Things have just calmed down a bit, so the pet going missing now is only slightly unusual. The appearance of the new energy did cause a few incidents of pet’s eating their owners. They all had been warned about this danger repeatedly, enough so that the few casualties were deemed the owners’ own fault.
Keeneff lets the new information percolate through his mind slowly, piecing the scattered sentences of spoken data into a structured whole. In the meantime, the large framed man makes his way over to the island’s central plaza. There he sees his next target, a large and round figure sitting down in the middle of the crowd.
Keeneff has to admit that he has gained an odd sort of respect for the sitting human. He doesn’t really share any of the rather common prejudices over race and origin that a lot of the pedestrians around him hold. The fat person’s incredible physical resilience is something the brand-new detective is gaining more and more respect for on a daily basis. This, combined with the absolute dedication to moving as little as possible the human seems to exude, has Keeneff impressed.
“It’s golden hair, step back.”
“Yeah, don’t bother. He will ignore you, and you can’t beat him.”
“Hey, break it up.”
“Calm down. That gutcore condenser tried fighting him yesterday. She still hasn’t woken up.”
The crowd parts as they move aside for Keeneff’s unfaltering stride. The maned man himself does not notice any of the whispered warnings. He doesn't even take note of the crowd parting in front of him, clearing a path to the central figure.
“Fat one, I’m here to try again.” He shows all of his teeth as he limbers up his muscles. This form is not one he has chosen voluntarily, but the only one that will let him have a chance at not dying. Keeneff suppresses these thoughts; instead, he lets his inner power calm down as he focuses.
Dust goes flying as his fur covered fist smashes against wobbly cheeks. A faint ripple of motion is seen as Keeneff studies the results of his single strike. “I will return,” he tells the seated figure while walking off. Behind him, the crowd surges towards the sitting shape, all kinds of weapons ready to strike at the eyesore of a fat human. The fact that he dares sit in their midst, ignoring all their attacks is only further proof that their combined forces are needed to drive away this evil.
Keeneff secretly rubs his wrist while recovering from the massive exertion he just went through. He really thought he’d be able to make that piece of fat move this time. The big man sighs as he walks through crowded streets and busy bridges to his next destination. He slides across a wide variety of paving materials, ignoring the changing crowds as usual. He eventually ends up in front of a rather tall building. Fluted walls form a high rising piece of architecture, the horizontally challenged design being oddly freeing and looking rather lightweight.
All the other styles inside the varied city are made up from rough concepts. This island uses repurposed materials, that island insists on only using black stones – all kinds of weird and seemingly arbitrary limitations are imposed upon the localized styles of architecture. The island belonging to the beaked ones is oddly neutral, however. Any form of building material seems to be acceptable, as long as the buildings are high.
Staring at the towering mansion, Keeneff grudgingly admits a small part of him admires the building. This does not prevent him from kicking down the spindly gates when he is ignored for more than five seconds. The white fencing crumbles under his booted kick. The only reason he breathed heavily after that single punch was to refill his reserves. This proved a smart move, as the workmen responsible for maintaining this property seems to have started enhancing the structures with the new power already. It took Keeneff a good tenth of his total power to demolish the locked gate, so his admiration was well placed, in hindsight.
Stepping over the ruined section of architecture he had recently admired, the large man is stared at by a dust-covered servant. Several other livery clad beastkin of varying sizes peer at the sudden intruder. He smiles a rather toothy smile at them. They flinch back. “Hello there. I’m looking for Gronxar. Where did you see him last?”
“I’m just the groundskeeper, sir. I wouldn-”
“Answer the question, my good sir.” Smile more. Keeneff is a fast learner - remembering things prevents him from having to exert effort in handling the same problems in the future, after all - and he has learned that smiling makes troubles go away.
The groundskeeper swallows hard as he sees the vicious array of teeth bared and scurries off inside. Keeneff follows him and is met by a rather dusty looking bird person moments later.
“May I help you… sir?”
“Yes, your mistress asked me to look for Gronxar. Where was he seen last?”
The butler-looking type in front of Keeneff goes through a rather impressive amount of facial expressions. In the end, he motions at the big man to follow with a rather pained expression on his face. Keeneff follows him into the house, through a complex set of high stairs, and finally into a room that’s obviously a kennel.
“Did my mistress expound on when she would be returning? I was under the impression that she would return with some help, not send some… a single person to the mansion...”
“She’ll be indisposed for at least half an hour longer. She’s a tough gal. After that, she’ll feel right as rain. This was where the beast slept then? Just gotta find it, okay.” The servant’s mood has not been improved by the forceful entry of some muscled savage, and the way the long-haired brute kept ignoring protocol and smiling at him has been most vexing. Then the large man breathes in through his nose, and the butler is nearly knocked off his feet.
Knowing a powerful figure when he sees one, the butler gathers his hat, which had flown off, bows, and leaves. Keeneff is alone once again. Just the way he likes it. Also, he just picked up a rather distinctly dog-like smell coming from one of the doors, so Keeneff kicks the obstruction to smithereens and picks up the trail. His large nostrils flare as he follows the scent, the trail guiding him through a window, down the rain pipe, and down to the ground level.
Sniffing some more, Keeneff wonders why he is doing all of this again.
Then he remembers what is now called Dragon Day. He remembers napping peacefully, doing one of the three things he loves most – sleeping, fighting, and fornicating. He remembers the breaking of the seal, the single action he had taken to fulfil his duty. He remembered hurrying over, enraged at being woken from his nap. Then he remembers being absolutely fucked in the ass by something he couldn’t even see. Then he remembers realising that not getting a grip on the situation will be similar to a death penalty.
His reasons for actually putting in an effort restored, the large man looks at the neatly tiled pavement. Previously, his way of doing things had two modes. The brute way entailed being sleepy, and he performed the subtle way by being a swell guy. This situation seems to require a dozing sort of focus.
Then Keeneff remembers that all of that emotional control has absolutely zero effect on the energy swirling through his heart. He sighs deeply and looks at the centre of the city for a brief moment. Above the exact spot where he recently poured his all into punching an overweight youth hangs a crystal. Looking into the crystal brings forth odd ideas. Alien structures become visible in his mind's eye for a short moment before he shakes his head.
That can come later. First, he should understand what is happening. If the elders ever decided to blame him for this entire fracas, the least he should offer them is another target and just enough evidence to make the unfortunate person a plausible scapegoat. That might just save his hide.
He looks down. Then he looks again. And he looks once more. Only when he concentrates upon looking for the fourth time does he see it. Fine wires of power are woven through the stones, a faint web of energy forming an intricate structure of latticework and meaning.
“Those brain fucks again. I hate those idiots.” Keeneff’s temper rises as he recognises a braincore’s handiwork. Growling with suppressed fury, he punches the shit out of the street tiles he is standing on. The square pieces of stone predictably crumble into high-velocity dust, sandblasting a portion of the tunnel network revealed in the act of mindless violence.
He crouches low upon landing, the power in his veins speeding up through pure instinct. He sprints away, now determined to complete this task a soon as possible. Only when the customer is satisfied on more than just the physical level can he ask for the information he needs, after all.
Keeneff wonders again whether this is the correct course to follow. Brute force didn’t work, so now he needs a more subtle approach. But still, sometimes he wonders whether this entire thing might be a tad bit too subtle.
Then he stumbles upon a rather gory sight. A cave with a diameter of a hundred metres is lit up by a penetrating red glow. The source of the lighting is the large shining circle in the middle of the cavern. Cages filled with bleeding beastkin of all shapes and sizes are located at evenly spaced intervals, red streams of thick blood dripping from each one.
“NO! That is not how you consume females, you stupid human!” If there is one thing that Keeneff hates more than not being able to sleep, fuck, or fight, it’s when good things are wasted in front of his eyes. A human in ragged clothing is standing inside of the ornate red circle of blood, and even the rather insensitive muscled man himself feels the gathering power radiating from the entire thing.
But still, the realisation that the power in front of him is one he can't easily beat is unimportant when he sees the several excellent females being bled dry. “That is not how they should be used AT ALL!” Pointing at the suffering women in a blind rage, he storms forward. Tendrils of blood strike at him but are ignored. He sprints ahead, storming into the bloody formation with brute force. He is stopped a mere metre from the rather desperate form of a crazed-looking human, formless limbs of shining red holding the snarling beastkin back.
“Another one for the slaughter, yes come to me! Give me your blood. It’s an honour for you to feed your betters. I’m high mage Fredon and I thank you for your sacrifice of blood! Oh nice, he’s a heartcore. That should get me enough to fill up with liquid, at least! Good, good.”
Keeneff gasps in indignation as he is stabbed. He fights the draining force with all his might, managing to resist for seconds before a steady trickle of blood escapes his control. The withered human staring him in the face is perspiring now, the gloating speech of before halted. Keeneff then calls upon his previous affinity, willing the very rock around him to his will. The ground still responds to him, if in a diminished fashion.
Then two things happen at once. The single shard of rock surrounded by loose dirt is wrenched free under Keenef’s forceful mental command, and a rather fat fist smashes the human’s skull to smithereens. The entire ornate blood formation collapses into a dirty looking puddle of red mud as both Keeneff and Fredon’s corpse collapse to the floor.
“Thanks, furry guy. I kept losing him. Come punch me again tomorrow, okay? You’re the only one helping me advance anyway. Bye!”
And so Keeneff finds himself laying on top of a desiccated headless human corpse inside a large puddle of blood-soaked mud. The dim figures in the cages around him stir back to life as the constant draining of their life force stops. The mysterious round figure that helped him out this time went as fast as it came, leaving Keeneff more confused than not. He curses up a storm when he sees a pile of drained mutant corpses to the side of the room. Realizing that his client will not happily provide him with more information due to her pet being dead, he looks around.
Once again wondering how his life went from the relaxed affair it was before to this mess, the incognito-dragon-turned-detective starts questioning the groggy prisoners, whether or not they know who killed the previous Tooth of the Beastkin.
He only has five years before his task as Guardian ends, and he can find a scapegoat to find whom he can blame why the entire world went to shit.
This power called qi is wonderful, but it’s truly wreaking havoc upon the wildlife, after all.
CHAPTER TWO
Worm
“Rheaaaaa...” I let my voice drag on like a whiny child. I shift my body to a more comfortable position, rubbing my face against her soft thighs. “I don’t wanna do anything anymore. Let’s just curl up in front of the fireplace and pretend it’s snowing outside, okay?”
She sighs and looks down at me. I peek at her through cracked eyelids, stealthily trying to measure her reaction. Her face remains blank, but I can see that familiar questioning slant to her eyebrows. I also see a slight hint of defeated acceptance on her beautiful, sharply angular face. I smile to myself while trying to dig my head deeper into her lap. I wonder how she smells this good while consciously not thinking about the workload in front of me. I ignore the process telling me that Rhea’s skin does, in fact, produce certain substances that activate my olfactory senses.
“Drew, Bord just killed Fredon. What’s going on with that?”
I look up at her again. I can see a faint white channel of information flowing from the top of her head. The outline of a tree has been growing more and more solid over the past ten days. She has been exploring her cultivation base in new and interesting ways, and the ephemeral structure of channels is yet another way she is playing around with manifesting her power. “Bord used the city crystal to ask me what to do about that persistent old cretin. I told him to use the three-strike rule when in doubt.”
I see a single branch - the one connecting her head to the moon high above - light up as she makes use of her connection to Database. “There’s not much info on the three strikes rule in Database. What is it?”
I take a closer look at the ethereal construct forming above her head. I make a firm decision. I will drag her along with me during my duties. She has done nothing but gather dust while sitting on her ass for the past ten days. The foundation realm is usually where a cultivator develops higher concepts, turning their purely physical mastery of qi into something more. The transformed dragon I’m using as a pillow seems to be heading towards some form of unmoving nexus point, and I don’t like the look of that at all. I did ask her to keep track of the entire world as it went through a supernatural and potentially cataclysmic change, but that’s no excuse to give up personal freedom for a small bit of deeply rooted power.
I stand up and stretch. Ignoring the various popping sounds coming from my spine, I take a look around me. Tree’s golden glory is as resplendent as ever, the massive perennial towering above me around two hundred metres. The few buildings inside the clearing are still in an excellent state. This cannot be said for the fence surrounding the clearing, nor for the buildings outside it. The lack of maintenance combined with the many untested fabrication methods employed during their construction has led them into a swift ruin. The same goes for the buildings on the moon. The lack of any qi-bearing beings occupying the structures up above combined with the qi-absorbing nature of the moon has caused them to start crumbling fast.
“Three strikes. I’m generally a ‘live and let live’ kind of guy, you know. But sometimes, some people just don’t work out. I’d be totally content to let these people do their thing, far away from myself. This is what I told Bord, and he acted according to his own judgement after that.”
The piercing glare I’m receiving from the seated woman is telling me she wants a better explanation. I pause my little speech in order to take in all the changes that have happened over the past few days. The sudden disappearance of my students from this little dimension has done it a load of good and some harm on an energy-ecosystem level. The physical side – other than some collapsed buildings – is largely unchanged. I still see a volcano and an ice-covered mountain towering above the trees on either side of Tree, and there is still a smattering of small suns high in the sky.
“Fredon’s first strike happened a while ago, according to Bord’s report.” I pause speaking the moment I sense a slight bit of killing intent. Rhea’s glare is as cold as it is piercing. “Don’t glare at me like that! I keep some stuff private, like personal communication. Giving you access to nearly all of Database was a large enough sacrifice in terms of privacy as far as I’m concerned.”
Our small staring contest is only broken when Rhea gives a derisive snort and closes her eyes again. She broke eye contact first, so why do I still feel like I lost? “Right… Fredon’s first strike was seeing the difference between the old rigid mage society and the new way of doing things inside Tree, rejecting the empirically better option. Growth, quality of life, and productivity. The new way of doing things is better than their old way by any measurable metric you can think of. Maybe not by something perspective bound as ‘respect’ or ‘tradition’, but I have no qualms about ignoring inbred and retarded stuff like that any day of the week!”
I even observed the little maggot as he sauntered through Tree after gaining provisional access to the sub-dimension. He saw that more progress was being made in days than all the innovation of the old mage’s islands combined in a year. He saw that the old cycle of fattening up fellow humans like pigs for the slaughter was not needed without island-bound mana users. And yet he rejected all of it, working hard to drag everyone back down to his level instead of progressing himself.
“The second strike was the reason this place is empty. I might have enabled that group by putting some less-than-wholesome stuff in hard-to-find places in Database, but I made it pretty hard to find in the end. And he was basically the linchpin of that entire operation. I also told Bord that the third strike is a special one. Third time’s the charm, and maybe someone will change their way after having their evil ways fail for the third time. A fourth time? Kill ‘m! Third time’s the edge case where redemption is still in reach, however. Well, Bord saw that Fredon was actively murdering innocents in order to speed up his own cultivation by lower double-digit percentages. He judged that as Fredon's third strike. So he punched the shit out of the decrepit little maggot. Good for him.”
“Okay… Thanks for the explanation? I knew all that. I just wanted to know why Bord didn’t do anything with the fact that there is another dragon inside the Beastkin Capital? Keeneff is a lazy philanderer - most Guardians are mentally defective in some way - but I think that a potential powerhouse like him would require some attention?”
I stare at the sitting dragon for a bit. She said the part about ‘mentally defective’ without even flinching. She has either completely accepted that part of herself, or she is completely unaware of it… “Mentally defective, hmm…”
“Would a mentally sane dragon become a humans’ mate?”
I try looking at that question from her perspective. It’d be similar to a human taking a mayfly as a partner. “That’s a good point. No sane cultivator would do this much couple cultivating…”
“I was wondering why I felt more… chaotic lately.” A true frown creases her brow as she looks at me.
I grin at her. “I was wondering why I felt more… lazy lately.” I broaden my grin as I let my eyes roam across her body. I smirk even wider as I see a slight flush creep across her face. “Did you know that normal cultivators perform elaborate techniques, employ complex formations, and use what amounts to qi-condoms before they have sex?”
The white tree above Rhea’s head flickers and disappears as she looks at me, her face a deadpan visage. “What?”
“Yeah. Just shoving qi into your partner's body was seen like some massive taboo back on the cultivation world. It was basically heresy. Casual sex for pleasure between sexes was not a thing there, at all, except for the mortals, of course. But nobody cared what the mortals did.”
Rhea’s face switches between horror and fascination as she seems unsure what to feel. “So I’m becoming more like you? Are we losing ourselves? Are our souls melding each time we… By the All-Dragon, what have we been doing? Drew, what have we been doing?” She stands up and starts pacing around, ignoring me as I fall to the ground.
“Nothing that you won’t agree to with your entire being. Transferring qi like we’ve been doing allows for trait bleeding only when the other partner completely accepts these traits.” I take hold of her hands, squeezing them gently while looking her in the eyes. “Those preparations in the Cultivation world were all because they thought women were lesser beings.”
She looks at me astonished for a bit, unable to process this twist. “I’m serious, that place was awful for women. The histories of the first immortal told a tale of a man betrayed by a woman. The heavens saw the treachery, forever cursing the lesser sex with lesser cultivation potential. Anyway, enough talk about ancient history, let’s go take care of this stupid worm before it causes more problems.”
I keep holding on to Rhea as I pull myself through Tree’s portal. The air around us shifts from a pleasant spring feeling atmosphere to an oppressive swelter. We pop into existence hanging in the air, hundreds of metres above endless stretches of yellow dunes. The distant mountains are faint silhouettes dancing in the heat, small patches of green marking oasis here and there.
“Come on, a bit of sun will do you good. The world won’t end without you managing all of their lives for a couple hours. No need to start laying down roots already, you know.” I smile at her. Rhea seems to be beating herself up again. Her expression seems to ask herself why she keeps falling for my little shows.
“Just... Tell me next time, okay? I understand now, but just tell me in the future.” She manages to keep hold of her serious expression for an entire five seconds before she rolls her eyes at me.
“I’ll think about it. Anyway, one of my stomach bits landed here recently, and now it's moving around. Which is not a good thing, I reckon.”
Rhea looks down, her back glowing softly as white dragon wings with purple highlights form. I surreptitiously let go of her, getting some distance between her and me without making it obvious.
Then the sand below us explodes and the area Rhea is hovering in is swallowed by a yellow segmented worm, segmented and toothed mouth flaps slapping closed around her.
A piece of my guts – I assume since a drone spotted a high qi concentration falling from space – landed in an oasis a few days back. I’ve been too busy to get to it, but that oasis is now inside this big boy’s stomach, and it has been making the best of this energetic windfall. Instead of producing psychotic drugs - like any proper sandworm should do - this one has been gorging itself. Every single living beast for kilometres around is now inside its stomach.
I feel a single hand on my shoulder and freeze. “You thought that was funny?”
I try to nod, but both the force keeping me in place and the absolute menace dripping from the voice prevent me from doing so.
“I want to see how funny this is too. Off you go!”
Just as the worm is falling to the sandy floor again, gravity reasserting its control over the gargantuan being, I am falling alongside it. I see one of its many eyes lock onto me. Its pupil restricts in recognition. Then the beast snaps its head towards me, and I’m surrounded by rows of teeth and oddly dry flesh. I idly muse on the dryness of the worm’s interior. For some reason, I expected slimy folds, not this leathery stuff that’s trying to crush me to paste.
Why did I agree to this entire thing again? I could have seen all of this coming – her reaction to my attempted prank – if only I was allowed to enter combat mode. Looking at explosive situations from a perspective sped up a couple thousand times is really good for rational decision-making.
Rhea and I had a discussion a few days back. Braincore cultivators tend to be a bit mentally unhinged, and not just because of what unchecked thinking power can do to a person. The long stretches of solitude a braincore goes through as they swirl qi through their brain tends to have a rather disconnecting effect. I suspect that my – often fatally necessary – constant use of time dilation in the Cultivation World was another reason I barely interacted with anyone back then. People also tend to grow apart when they spend much more time inside their own heads instead of with each other. So Rhea and I agreed to limit combat mode to a minimum as an experiment.
I still have all my danger sensing processes running, and none of them are signalling danger on any significant level. My normal way of handling being swallowed by a massive worm would be to go into combat mode by swirling qi through my head. Then I’d spend a few days or weeks of relative time analysing the situation and planning my way out of this.
And somehow Rhea managed to infiltrate my own body with a significant amount of qi, allowing her to paralyse a few very crucial nerve clusters. How long has she been at this? Damn the woman! I spent hours lazing around in her lap, not suspecting that she was infiltrating my nervous system for a single second.
Instead of actively getting myself out of this situation, I’m just reminiscing about this all while peristaltic movements the size of a house moves me further down. I pull qi from my braincore – leaving the centre in its default blank state for now – and stuff it into my heart. It flows through my bloodstream, allowing me to move my own body like a puppeteer.
The constricting walls around me gained a distinct slimy quality a few seconds ago, so my first attempts at halting my downwards momentum are hindered by a lack of grip. I try again, but I’m shot out of the oesophagus during the attempt. Unwilling to fall into the sloshing pool of mystery liquid I sense below, I exert my will and solidify the air around me.
I sigh deeply, immediately regretting breathing in while inside the stomach of a gluttonous omnivore. Suppressing my coughing fit, I reevaluate whether or not I really need this fellow alive. I realize I don’t, but I’d be throwing away efficiency. Getting my sword out of my ring and cutting my way out or blowing the beast apart might be extremely cathartic at this point, but it would be inefficient. I mentally heave a sigh and start flooding qi through my spine. The small packet of foreign qi takes me an entire minute of studious searching to find. Impressed at the innovative way Rhea managed to plant the little bit of power, I tear it apart and implement a defensive strategy.
I’m about to go back up the oesophagus when I sense something in the digestive juices below me. The worm seems to be laying still for now - thank goodness - thus the liquid is relatively calm. Hidden among all the sand, bones, rocks, and plants is a small object. It stands out to my spiritual sense, its straight geometric cylindrical form separating it from the organic items.
Fishing it out with a thread of qi, I shake it free of acid goop. A pencil-shaped object lands in my hand. I sense a trace of my own power on the thing, along with a hint of blood and pain. The final trace of energy I sense – besides the energy systems of the desert and the worm – is that of space. I put it in my spatial ring while frowning.
I start moving upwards, distracting myself from the disgusting feeling of being wrapped in living worm by pondering my find. There are a few odd things about the small object. It’s undoubtedly one of the bullets that was shot at me when I strode into space moments after entering the foundation realm. The fact that the traces of blood and pain are faint indicate that it went through the cloud of blood and guts instead of directly through my body.
Deciding to leave the mystery of why the worm hasn’t yet passed it through its digestive system alone for now, I burst into the dry section of oesophagus again, no longer willing to be gentle. My clothes and my arms heat up as I shove myself upwards. I’m careful to merely grab the worm’s inner walls instead of plunging my fingers through the flesh in my irritation. I pause my cleaning process, preventing it from removing all the muck and filth covering my body. I will have my revenge.
I arrive in a small open space, surrounded by teeth. My patience with the entire situation has worn thin, so I start punching with ever-increasing strength. A tooth breaks, and I dodge the spurt of blood. I pocket the half-metre-long white fang and start punching another one. My ring contains ten teeth by the time the worm starts opening its mouth. I breathe out a large portion of qi, form a small self-replicating formation, and fly out of the mouth.
Blinking into the bright sun, I spot Rhea hovering high above. Her face is a rather nice mix between concern and impish glee. “You got me, nice work!”
I turn around and face the worm. The air around it shimmers with something more than heat, a tint of magenta telling me Rhea is keeping it up here. Fifty metres wide, the brown segmented beast has multiple teeth-covered jaws that open like some gruesome flower. It seems to be trembling, probably instinctively sensing Rhea’s draconic presence.
I breathe out more power, drawing a small trickle of qi from Tree to resupply myself. I spread it around with a large mental push, covering a couple dozen kilometres in my spiritual sense. I find hotspots and oasis’ that are brimming with qi, along with some underground deposits that contain biological matter. Long, slimy biological matter that contains bones and fur, along with qi.
I feel like complaining. In order to give the sapient species on this planet a chance, I’ve been culling the most powerful beasts before they can snowball out of control. And now I’m cleaning up some overgrown earthworm’s shit. Woe is me.
I pull my necklace over my head. “Okay Tree, you know the drill by now.” And I drop the thing. It lands in the sand, many metres below me. A whirlpool of sand forms immediately as the qi-enriched material is sucked into another dimension. The sandworm starts wriggling frantically, before a gush of golden energy encompasses the beast. I brand a control rune in the being’s nervous system, imprinting it on a cellular level. That way, the worm can grow as strong as it wants without being able to shrug off my control. Studying it from the inside gave me a really good view of its internals, so there’s that…
Then the beast is gone, and the suction of sand increases many-fold. My necklace moves to the last place the worm shat, and I look upwards. Rhea is panting slightly, having to keep a powerful beast like that frozen in place is obviously straining. I open my arms and speed over. The panic in her eyes is delicious, the dawning realisation on her face a balm to my soul.
“Thanks for the hard work, honey. You deserve a hug!”
“Haha, happy to help, no need for that, thanks.” Her panic increases as she finds herself unable to move. My self-replicating formation has well and truly infiltrated her nervous system, paralysing her like she paralysed me minutes before.
“Thank you so much,” I croon as I wrap my mucous covered body around her, her face a mask of helpless revulsion. Revenge might taste best served cold, but immediate retaliation has a flavour all of its own. 
CHAPTER THREE
Acidulous
“Not fair.” Rhea is near tears as she shivers.
“Right. Protest noted and rejected because of hypocrisy.” I rub my slime covered hair against her bosom some more. Her entire body is filled with my small and self-replicating electric charge-absorbing formations. They suck the power out of anything, preventing both the transmission of signals through dendrites and the transmission of said signals between neurons.
“I only… No. I let you be swallowed while paralysed… Okay, rub away. No funny stuff before getting clean though.”
I stop. “Doing it with permission isn’t fun. And I’d rather use oil than slime for that. Maybe later; look at this.” I pull the object I found inside the worm’s stomach from my ring and show it to her. I also resume my cleaning process, which starts disintegrating the filth from my skin. I finally send the self-destruct signal to the microscopic qi formations, allowing Rhea freedom of movement again.
We’re inside Tree. Once I caught Rhea, I kept hugging her while Tree sucked up a massive quantity of sand. It used my necklace as a vacuum machine, hoovering up all the places the worm had passed through. Inside Tree, near the volcano and to the east, is a new desert. It’s a bit on the small side, but it should be large enough to house the worm for now. At least it’s thick enough for the entire beast to bury itself.
“A piece of rock?” murmurs Rhea as she studies the small object,
“Yeah, look at these.” I point out a few of the item’s odd features. “These small spheres of silicate-based rock are called chondrules. Those are flakes of metal, and this here is a piece of clear olivine.” I point at a few places before presenting the thing as a whole again. “This is an asteroid, a piece of rock that formed in the void of space as particles of solid matter and solidified droplets of molten material clustered together.”
Rhea stares at me as I pause, waiting for her to interject.
I decide to continue. “Rock that formed on planets is distinct from asteroids. This means that those space-based defences up there are harvesting asteroids or meteoroids for their ammunition. This means that there is some form of a supply line. These bullets must come from somewhere, and it does indeed make sense to locally source the only consumable parts of your weapons. That way, you only run out after the entire solar system has been shot through your guns; pretty smart.”
“What the ever-delving fuck does any of that mean? Those words are not in Database. You are pointing at a rock with some vague balls inside, and that’s amazing somehow, but I fail to see it, except for the locally sourced parts, that I understand. So, at what level or realm can we punch the moon?”
I am at a sudden loss for what to say. I had this explanation in my head, but she cut right through the bullshit and got to the clue of things. “We could go now, but I’d only give us a ten per cent chance of success in the most ideal circumstances. Those are not odds I’m willing to take.”
“One in ten is a bit risky, yes. Let’s wait a bit and do it later, then. This is important to you, no?”
“It should be important to you too. There's a rather large chance we will get to learn about the person or party that has put this entire shindig together.”
“I don’t really care, though.” Rhea shrugs her shoulders and sits down on the grass, flicking the last bit of disintegrating dust from her bosom. Streams of data start flowing through her brain, the flows of data branching off and slowly forming a tree.
“It… It's about your origin? The very reason this planet exists, and you’re not interested?”
“I exist, therefore I am. The tree has no loyalty to the bird who shat out its seed, no?”
I close my mouth. “I have no reply to that… Anyways, please don’t get too rooted in pl-”
“The tree has no loyalty to its surroundings, except for the water and earth directly touching its roots, no?”
Damn. Since when did she get so sassy? Slightly at a loss for what to do now, I sit down opposite her and lay down. The past week and a half have been filled with enormous fires I have been putting out, one near disaster after the other. I even had to design and produce a high-speed drone in order to reach the worst places in time. I could have flown there myself, but that would have put a significant drain on my qi reserves and probably would've done some bad things to weather patterns. Even now, the highspeed drone platform carrying my necklace is using a column of thermic air to circle back up into the higher levels of the atmosphere.
The desert was the latest in a long string of potential life-ending cataclysms. The oversized earthworm – which Tree tells me is happily exploring its new living conditions – is hopefully the last in a series of shitty incidents. The larger, house-sized enforcer mutants that scrambled towards any and all qi emissions went crazy when qi started appearing all across the planet. I spent the first few days after the mass teleportation with monitoring and battling these beasties non-stop.
I decided to intervene every time one of them came close to a city or town that couldn't handle them yet. I swooped in, permanently branded a control rune on the beings, shoved them inside, Tree and moved on. The few places where the local populace – plus one of my students – could handle the threat, they profited immensely.
Tess’s village is one such example. Randomly assigned to a town in the bumfuck of nowhere, she took it rather well. Or so Rhea’s meddlesome reports tell me.
I mentally pull up the world map and check her position. Her assigned spot is in between the Torus Dungeon far to the east and the swamplands to the south-east of the Shie-Eit Kingdom. A small sleeper cell of enforcer mutants had been woken - either by the controlling force originating from the moon or by the general disturbances across the planet. This group had then run towards the closest source of qi.
Tess had rallied the relatively small village by then, introducing them to the basics of qi and cultivation. She had sensed the approaching hordes, told the waiting mass of people to hold, and then killed the entire crowd from the shadows.
Now she's living like some form of huntress queen, ordering the villagers about as they cook the mana-dense meat for her. Everyone not cooking high-grade mutant meat is out hunting more meat, cultivating, or is too young.
Bord landed inside the Beastkin Capital and was ambushed by the assassins Tess and Ket had been looking for. Bord apparently didn’t feel like fighting them and pretended to be subdued after a sham struggle. He was then dragged towards the most central island. I’m not clear on what happened next – and Rhea isn’t telling – but the Guardian dragon came, got the snot beaten out of himself, and the Beastkin Capital has been oddly quiet since.
Ket landed somewhere to the far north, even further out than Ares. I checked in on him, and he has been transforming the entire town into a massive formation for some reason.
Ares has become the town's mascot slash goddess after she single handedly punched a massive sea monster to death. That octopus thing had swallowed a piece of my stomach rather early on and felt peckish for more man flesh. The poor girl slapped it in reflex as a massive tentacle slammed across the town shield. Her light affinity messed with the beast’s innate darkness, causing it to burn up in the sunlight. She has been weirdly efficient in shoring up defences, assigning roles and is even preparing for an expedition to the nearest dungeon.
Selis keeps sending me furious messages through the metred Database connections. I think it’s hilarious. I wish her lots of luck in the place where she ended up.
And Angeta, let’s see how she is doing.
“Drew, got a new one.”
“What?” I blurt out.
“Qi-powered problems. I got reports that massive tracts of jungle and swamp are being corroded by a grey-green fog. Seems like some form of viral plague or poison.”
“Location?” I make a direct connection between Database and my conscious mind. I usually offload these kinds of tasks to processes but getting my own thoughts dirty is also good sometimes. Getting lost in high-level functions while forgetting how the hardware layers actually work is not conducive for efficiency, after all.
“Drone is already halfway there. We’ll arrive in a few minutes.”
I grumble a bit as I let the mental connection timeout. Instead of complaining further, I stand up and walk to Tree. Its golden glow seems a lot more robust these days. It used to look like a normal tree that shone in a golden light. Now it looks like the bark itself contains a sizable percentage of glow in the dark metal.
I pluck Lola from a recess in the massive trunk and check how the rabbit is doing. She was a bit grumpy when she discovered that all her playmates had suddenly disappeared. She seems to have learned to appreciate the peace and quiet over the last few days. Her power has been getting denser instead of larger too. The explosion of fire and ice that basically forced her into the foundation realm left a rather unstable mess of colliding energies in its wake. All the relaxing she did lately – as opposed to relaxing and getting cuddled she did before – solidified that shambled heap into something more coherent.
She wakes as I rub her little head. She has grown a bit over these past few months but is still obviously a rather small rabbit. The plump largeness and the angular head typical of adult rabbits are not present. She’s all-around fluff and cuteness. The fact that she’s a foundational cultivator at the human equivalent age of a small child is a rather amazing feat though.
She pivots her ears around a few times before hopping on my shoulders. I turn and see Rhea’s ethereal tree vanishing once more as she stands up. She walks over and nods at me. The fact that she’s not talking combined with the odd cast of her expressionless face makes me instantly suspicious. I then feel her pulling us both through, so I seal my orifices while covering Lola’s mouth and nose with a finger.
We land amidst grey fog and green muck. My eyes water, my eyebrows start sizzling, and Lola flips. She screeches once, hops over to Rhea, lands on her face and hangs there for a second. None of my mental alarms are triggered yet, but they are less accurate when it comes to sudden unexpected actions by people close to me or individuals I trust. Sensing what’s about to happen, I quickly form a high capacity process and lay my hand on Rhea’s shoulder as fast as I can.
Lola kicks off, soaring up and away into the air. Rhea looks like she was kicked by an elephant as her head is thrown back into the green muck. I feel my process pour a small amount of qi into Rhea before I lose contact, so I jump upwards too. Looking down, I see the crumbling form of a certain treacherous dragoness get covered by the splatter of my jump, two large paw prints visible on her forehead. I manage to attach a line to the necklace, pulling that along after me.
I fly upwards, the speed splattering much of the dense mist into liquid onto my face. I feel my eyebrows disintegrate and my hair fall apart. Then I soar through the fog and am greeted by a clear blue sky. I immediately give my cleaning process priority and start analysing the substance. It manages to disintegrate every single hair on my body, a commendable feat.
A pink streak and a squishy yet soft thump later, I have an extremely angry bunny on my shoulder as I catch my necklace. The previously cute animal is now looking like a naked rat, small rivulets of dark liquid carrying away the last few strands of white fur. I grin at the animal, and she rubs her entire body on my face while growling. I can’t help but start laughing as I feel the last few hairs of my beard dissolve. I pull a washing cloth from my ring as a token of peace, and she rubs herself against it grumpily.
“Okay. I learn something new every day, I guess… Rhea does not know how to lose and eventually overdoes it. Good to know. Where is my drone? Ah, that’s why she looked guilty. It’s disintegrated. Right…” I pour more qi into the air around me, covering more ground with my spiritual sense. For kilometres around, I sense nothing but flat mud. Then I find the slowly creeping edge of the fog. Remnants of decaying trees disintegrate at a visible rate as the fog slowly covers more ground. A few kilometres beyond the acidic front are some abandoned huts and anxiously running people.
One individual stands out, a wiry beastkin that I recognize. What was the guy’s name again? Niff? Fenn? Something like that. The skinny one that hung out with Rodrick. He seems to be in charge, as he’s in the middle of shouting stuff while everyone around him is hauling ass.
My spiritual sense covers the entire cloud as I watch the small group evacuate. The obvious curvature of the outbreak as the whole allows me to deduce the middle of the expanding cloud rather easily. Focussing my attention on the spot, I sense a group of insect-like beings. Their backs sections are filled with gaping holes that would drive a trypophobe up the wall. I see only small physical differences between them. There must be a common ancestor then.
I find the common ancestor below the ground. A rather fat female is stuck inside a hole. She’s basically a massive hind section that keeps spurting out objects combined with a mouth. The mouth is aimed upwards towards the hole she is hiding in, swallowing all the melted goop floating her way, and the occasional bug.
I want to study it closer, but the entire process freaks me out. She is obviously some form of hyperspecialized-birthing, insect queen producing some form of worker caste.
I could kill them, but that would not remove the poison acid fog. I could pull them into Tree, but that would decimate all I have been building so far. I could burn everything, but this isn’t the first oddly well qi-adapted mutant I've come across.
I simplify all my findings and present them to Tree. Maybe the wooden-headed perennial can come up with an idea. I ponder some more options while cleaning the last parts of Lola. I pull another washing cloth from my ring – the first three have all dissolved into goop – and clean between her ears.
“You’re clean now. Regrow your hair, like this.” I stare at her in her big black eyes and recall when I last used this technique. It was back in the Mana Dungeon when I was about to accept Ares as a disciple, no? Man, that was a while ago. Then I start mentally shouting.
'GROW YOU FUCKING HAIR, MAKE DAT STRATIFIED SQUAMOUS KERATINIZED EPITHELIUM'
I once again use a qi-covered edge to trim my wild mane into a semblance of order. This time, I decide to cut the hair on the side of my head, leaving it longer on top. My beard stays in its full glory. I only shave my throat area, the moustache, and below the corners of my mouth. I leave my cheeks untouched, foregoing any straightening of that messy hairline.
Lola, of course, blinks a few times and explodes into a ball of white fur. Like usual, she learns the trick with the wild abandon of a bull with dishphobia rampaging through a dirty dishes shop. I grab her by her metre-long fur – preventing her from falling into the caustic mist once again – and start trimming the length of fluff.
Two minutes later, I’m looking at a cute rabbit once again, and I realize that I forgot what I was doing completely. Another side-effect of the no-enhanced-time-sense rule I’ve got going with Rhea is that I tend to forget important stuff unless I put it in my calendar process. I get lost in tasks and forget the rest of the world. This is entirely acceptable when each second literally takes years of thinking to get through, not so much now that I'm living strictly in real-time.
Tree has been signalling me though, telling me it has come up with an idea. I accept the mental package of information and grin. This might just work.
CHAPTER FOUR
Circulation
I breathe out more qi, thickening the amount of power I’m spreading through the fog of corrosive poison mist by tenfold. What I expected to be a barren wasteland appears to contain small traces of life, much to my amazement. Natural selection still works in places with higher levels of higher power, even when those places are filled with hyper-acidic poison, it seems.
A bug here and there, a few birds, a couple of rodents, and even a single deer-like mutant have survived this local acid-apocalypse. The numbers check out, I realize. Only a fraction of a percent of beings would have the lucky combination of genes, constitution, and affinity to survive this extraordinarily caustic and toxic environment. This fraction lights up my spiritual sense, moving, alive, and kicking.
I relay this data to Tree, and I get a rather expressive ‘duh’ in response. Excuse me, mister super-powered tree, but human common sense does not dictate that bugs can survive a bath in pure sulphuric acid…
Relieved that my planned course of action will not form a permanently dead object inside Tree’s dimension, I commence the task. I breathe out the majority of my qi towards the centre of the mist bank. Golden streams of power shoot from my necklace and I watch them join my own streams of qi. It costs me quite a bit of effort to start the transfer from up here, but I'm not willing to go back down there. Neither am I willing to risk exposing my necklace to long term exposure of magical acid.
I sense a rather embarrassed and distinctly bald dragon woman floating up through the poison acid mist, but I can't really spare the effort to laugh in her face right now. I also sense Lola – once again covered in fur and cute as fuck – jumping off my shoulder, speeding towards the floating woman. I ignore the ensuing catfight and focus on controlling Tree’s ingress point and the general shape of the poison cloud. The necklace in my hand shakes a bit, and I get a sternly worded message, signed by a certain golden tree. Sighing slightly, I throw the black medallion, chain and all, towards the bugs at the centre of this entire mess. I was secretly hoping that I could fumble the transfer and accidentally kill the multi-legged queen in the middle of all of this, using the long distance as an excuse. I can see that the acid-spewing monstrosity once started as a spider variant. Ah well, can't win them all.
I keep track of the black necklace as it lands. I focus my concentration as Tree starts taking action. My attention is riveted to the centre of the cloud, observing as Tree pulls in the queen bug. The entire colony disappears with disquieting little noise or pomp. The expanding circle of murky fog then halts its outwards progress and starts retreating with an eerie silence. In the middle of all of this, Tree is busily and enthusiastically sucking up all the air, mud, and animals it can get its hands on.
And to be honest, I can sort of understand the guy. I would normally be the last to claim an understanding of a plant’s thought process, but this one, I get.
Previously, nearly all the power generated by the interplay of qi-powered physical processes inside Tree got absorbed by cultivators. The sea circling Tree’s flat landmass generates a fair bit of power. The heat from the volcano is transported to the ice mountain, where it clashes. The ice-laden water is then rotated over to the volcano - circling around the new massive hot desert, and more energetic reactions occur. The air is also circulating, forming the occasional cloud and fall of rain.
Qi clashes with qi, producing more in the process. This is a rather small amount, less than a fraction of a percentage of all powers involved, but the important point is that it’s a percentage. A rather famous physicist from Earth is said to have called compound interest the most powerful force in the universe. I totally agree with that assessment.
I have been halting Tree’s growth rather harshly so far, finding all sorts of qi sinks. Adding tonnes of new material to Tree causes ambient qi to seep into the qi-less matter. Introducing new cultivators who keep sucking up power and taking it for themselves was another good break. I’ve also been concentrating power into the moon, the very design of the thing based around qi absorption.
Now I’ve shifted gears, though. I did this for a couple of reasons, but the main one was that Tree had reached a sufficient level of maturity. I can now safely start power-levelling Tree’s dimension in a controlled manner without fear of my control and Tree’s consciousness being washed away by rampaging ambient power. All buildings need a proper foundation, and compensating for lack of stability by just piling on building materials is a sure-fire way to make a mess.
Also, I've been feeling a bit skittish without a proper qi clone around. It has been greedily absorbing all the power coming near to the moon, but even now it’s only halfway to the foundation realm. Ten days ago, it was at less than one-tenth to the foundation realm. The reason for this increase in power growth can be attributed to the crystals I've scattered above all the settlements on this planet. It took me an inordinate amount of theoretical work and testing to get those working, but they’ve been paying off so far.
The crystals are pieces of the moon, linked to Database, and thus my qi clone. I keep a small metered connection going between them, limiting bandwidth so that only basic information can be transferred. The crystals are also the source of a continuously running formation of a power-sucking nature. It leaves the power in the open air and living beings alone. All the power and energy fully enclosed – indoors – is greedily sucked up and transferred back to Database.
Which means, I’ve transformed this entire planet into a power farm! I'm sucking up power from across the continent, funnelling it directly into my qi clone who transforms it into qi with my own fingerprints.
This, in combination with the massive amounts of raw matter and large beasts that I've been importing, is still preventing Tree from gaining too-high qi levels too quickly.
I fly towards the necklace, still keeping my attention focused on the vacuum it is generating. I pop inside Tree once I get near, appearing beside the golden trunk.
A stream of filthy looking gunk appears out of nowhere just above Tree’s crown. The flow of mud is then guided upwards, surrounded by golden threads. The mana crystal formation is still floating above Tree, now looking rather small. 
I jump upwards myself, looking around for a bit. The lands surrounding Tree now stretch for a few hundred kilometres to either side. I do a quick scan and calculation, the small process telling me that the landmass has a radius of over two hundred kilometres. The newly added desert forms a somewhat asymmetrical bulge near the volcano, but that will be fixed later.
Looking up, I see the new celestial body forming. It hangs opposite the moon, which is beneath the horizon at the moment. The dark brown sphere looks rather drab, the only decoration being the occasional withered tree or plant that’s somehow still managing to cling to life in the toxic atmosphere. The green and grey mist surrounding the orb isn’t helping its sickly-looking exterior any.
A bird crackling with lightning flies past, causing all my hairs to rise. I smile at the rather fetching looking beast. The white and purple striped eagle ate a piece of my stomach, after which I gently invited it inside Tree. It’s brain – and every single nerve cell in its body – is marked by my power. The way the control and paralyse formations are embedded in the cells guarantee that it won't be able to shrug off my control without out levelling me by several realms at the minimum.
The lands below me are now filled with such beasts. The groups of docile mounts that my students had been raising are all walking around Tree. The central part of the landmass has turned into some form of neutral ground, no beasts or mutants even daring to fight in a large radius around Tree.
I recheck the poison moon and see the large queen insect busily digging a new hiding hole, her large hind section spewing forth acid and eggs. I wonder how she is going to feed herself but realize that the mud still contains a large amount of dissolved organic matter. The few sickly animals and insects still living on the moon will start reproducing soon enough, I guess. I’m hoping the general process of evolution will force the ecosystem to begin developing poisons and acids of even higher potency as better defences evolve in tandem.
Another odd thing I noticed, many of the enforcer mutants seem oddly quick to learn how to incorporate qi in their beings. Animals usually pick up cultivation faster than sapients – two times faster at the minimum – but the large mutants seem oddly adept at it. More questions…
I look around one more time, taking in the not-much-changed-but-much-grown environment. I breathe out the majority of my qi and let it seep into the atmosphere, breathing in harshly as I take in the ambient qi that has gone wild. I spin a chaotic mess of neutral and influenced qi through my brain while letting some seep into my heart. It transforms into my own power slowly, after which I store it in my cores again. Cycling my power like this is another safeguard. Having a large portion of my qi with my fingerprints – and thus eager to obey me – present in this dimension gives me another layer of control.
That done, I wave at Tree and pop back outside again. I ignore the fight unfolding between a rabbit and a dragon in human-ish – Rhea’s wings and nails are getting rather large – form and look around. Bare ground stretches around me, dark soil interspersed with bare rock as far as I can see. How long had this bug been spewing gas for? My drones picked up that something was wrong here just a day ago; surely that wasn't enough time for a single being to dissolve this much jungle?
Deciding to double check the state of the other impact sites, I check my drone network. I’ve got the entire planet covered in the things now. Since the entire planet is basically getting infected by qi anyway, I started steeping the autonomous drones in qi too. This has made the entire design a bit more efficient. Instead of having to run at cruising speeds, the engines can now go full blast without falling from the sky at night when the solar panels don't supply power.
I check the myriad of locations I cleaned the past week and a half. Gaping holes, missing mountaintops, missing patches of forest, and temporarily lowered stretches of ocean all flash through my mind’s eye. Each spot was the landing place of a fragment of my body. Small specks of blood and flakes of flesh and bone are constantly falling to the ground by now. It all seems rather odd, like some force controlled the bits and pieces long enough to make sure they would all enter the atmosphere at roughly the same time.
“You guys done with fighting? And Rhea, I’m expecting an apology.”
Rhea halts combat as she hangs upside down. Lola bites down on her finger and jumps away. Rubbing her aching digits, the bald woman looks around sheepishly. “Hehe, done already? Uhm, surprise! That was a joke. It was a funny joke, right? Letting you jump inside a poisonous gas cloud with a negative pH level is humorous, right?”
I keep staring at her.
“I’m sorry that I helped melt your drone.”
I keep staring at her some more.
“Okay… That I helped melt your first prototype drone with which you broke all kinds of speed records and that you built by hand. And I’m sorry for causing you to become naked, Lola.”
I keep staring at her, slowly lowering my gaze. I thought it was a pretty good prank, to be honest. I'm just enjoying the fact that she’s entirely naked right now. I let my eyes roam across her body, taking in her timid expression and dejected stance.
Then she catches my eyes, sees where I’m looking, thinks for a bit, and becomes angry.
“Good prank. Also, I’ve got good news! That was the last of the potentially dangerous sites. There are other places with high qi levels, but none that can grow out of control like this one, which means we finally got some free time!” I smile at her, enjoying the show as she grumpily puts some clothes on. I point at her head, and she feels her naked scalp. She combines a scowl with an awkward smile as she regrows her hair.
“So, Drew, why am I looking at a couple hundred critical alerts when there is free time to be had?” Now she’s looking at me with a deadpan expression. Hundreds of critical alerts? What is she tal-
Then a process which I had muted previously notifies me that although the current continent might be deemed relatively safe, there is another landmass on the planet. Rhea and I are currently on the continent of order, where the dungeons are inside the buildings and sapients rule supreme. The continent of chaos - where the dungeons are outside their buildings and monsters are in charge - has several thousand critical situations developing.
I fall backwards, unwilling to face the fact that I’ve got months of work ahead of me. Should I let this planet die? I groan while getting up. I'd probably go crazy before the cultivating beasts developed enough intelligence for me to have meaningful conversations with them. At least I get to play around with the development of an entire dimension.
CHAPTER FIVE
Legs 1
“Those legs! Lads, anyone that dares to flirt with her will be beaten by Lefty and Righty!”
“Shut up, ya old coot. You couldn't even get it up if her legs were twice as long!”
“It’s time for the younger generation to take power. Out with the old, in with the new!”
“You shut up, ya green little shit.”
“Yeah, tell ‘m pops. Respect your elders, ya snotty ape!”
Tess is pissed. Moments before, she was enjoying a nice walk. Ket was talking about some training he was doing – the speed at which he could shift his cultivation base from fluid power to structural reinforcement was getting truly impressive – when some weird stuff happened. Red glowing lines appeared in the sky, Teach started ranting, and Rhea did some acting.
And now Tess is surrounded by weird mountains while short people keep staring at her legs. One side of her view is taken up by a towering mountain, dark recesses hewn in its side. The slope stretches down on her left, a stream running through the valley down below, meandering through dense patches of forest. The cold wind whips her clothes against her skin, sending shivers down her spine.
“Wait, guys. Look up; there's something above the legs!”
“Whoa, you’re right! It’s a lass, thank goodness.”
“With those legs, who cares if it’s a man or woman?”
“Honestly… I agree.”
Tess turns, her eyes adapting to the fading light and spotting rows of houses recessed in the side of the mountain. The thickness of her skin when it comes to inane comments is pretty impressive, having had much practice through constant exposure to figures like Teach and Bord. Instead of commenting on the weird commentary spewing from the stocky group, she addresses them in a cold tone. “Who in all the hells are you?”
The small group of short-statured men freeze. Darkness wafts from Tess’s frame, tendrils of pure black snaking from her eyes and to the ground. A small scuffle breaks out, none of the small group willing to face the picture of wrath in front of them. Then a glint catches Tess’ eye. High above the mountain, a small shard of flickering light appears. Tess sinks into the shadows with a dark flash, appearing high up the slope.
Peering at the floating crystal, she reads the message. Rhea's mental letter fails to soothe her irritation, instead, stoking it further.
“TEACH YOU FUCK! I’M GOING TO STAB YOU! Also, relocate this shitty crystal. Two hundred thirty metres down. If you’re gonna fuck us over, at least do it properly, you FUCKING FUCK!”
Tess rages some more, obviously taking the forced separation hard. Five minutes later, every single rock in a large radius around her position is booted off the mountain and she’s breathing roughly. The slowly rotating crystal disappeared when she wasn't looking, so Tess moves back to her previous position.
Not waiting for the small group of people to start talking about her legs again, she fixes them with a stare and starts her interrogation.
⁂
“Mistress! Big ones! Big ones are trampling our traps, it’s horrible. All that good steel, they're just waltzing right over it. Mistress, what do we do?”
Tess is tired, not physically or mentally, just extremely tired of all things short and stocky. The questions and comments never stop. The annoying yammering never stops. The stares never stop. Even the ones she recognises as female don't stop looking at her legs, an odd sort of frown on their faces instead of the star-struck admiration displayed by the men. And even the revelation of qi and all of its wondrous potential and contrast does little to distract the crowd.
“And it’s honestly a shame,” she thinks. The environment is quite pretty. The architecture is a bit on the short side, but rather stylish. Carved into a sheer cliff face, each house, walkway, and stair are won from the rock by pure physical labour. The village she has appeared at – and now is partially responsible for – contains two thousand people. A mix of young and old, every single one of them barely comes to her navel.
The clothes these villagers wear are crude, rough spun, and leather. The mugs, cutlery, and furniture they use is either rough wood or carved rock. The single skill that is well developed by the local populous all concern the metal items. Metal is everywhere. Half of the tools, items, and weapons are made from some advanced alloy or tempered steel. The centre of the village is made up of massive blast furnaces, the back of the village entering into a grand minework, combined with a fungus farm. Some streets are partially made from metal. Places where she would expect wood, stone, or baked clay – like roof tiles, door frames, and furniture – contain an amount of metal that seems too high to be normal.
She has spent her time wandering the place, evading the growing gaggle of admirers that follows her wherever she goes. She has already explored the entire town and has been putting some clues together. The single stack of books enshrined in the central monument of the central plaza is a rather good hint. The books are obviously dungeon-won, and from what Tess has seen of them, cover a wide variety of metallurgic topics. All the non-metal related crafts are relegated to small huts on the village’s edge, either near the gaping cave-like opening or at the areas where new houses are carved from solid rock.
And now these people have started calling her mistress and won't stop going on about some horde of large beasts. Tess is having trouble believing that. She saw some of the steel traps being worked on in the many, many smithies and foundries. Those things can chop a mortal in half, no problem. Even a top-tier, upper-qi condenser heartcore might suffer serious injuries were they to land inside one of the teethed traps.
Sighing in her heart, Tess realises that she might as well make herself comfortable here. Looking at the crystal now hovering over the village’s central plaza, just under the rough rock ceiling, she receives a message from Database. The sheer fact that Database is still accessible is enough of a hint for Tess to understand that Teach going crazy is some stupid ruse. At least she now knows that she must reach the foundation realm before she can use Database’s teleportation function. Even then, the point cost is astronomical, and she has enough for just a single trip.
Shaking off her wishful thoughts, she lands in front of one of the panicking messengers running around. "What is it?"
"Beasts, Mistress! Bigger than any we've seen in ages. They came in from the south pass and are running straight here, Mistress."
“Just that way then?” she asks. The village is shaped like half a circle, the spherical ceiling allowing light to enter at the village’s most recessed streets.
“South’s over there, Mistress! But please don’t go. The horror of having your beautiful legs smashed underfoot by the stampeding hord-”
Unwilling to hear the end of that sentence, Tess speeds off. Even though the village is facing the sun, and despite the rather high ceiling, the town’s streets are still covered in shadows even at midday. Tess uses the shadows liberally, avoiding the panicking inhabitants and searching groups of admirers. She shifts her fluid cultivation core over her entire body, using her power base as a black cloak while speeding through the narrow streets.
Gathering speed, Tess launches out of the village, shooting away from the mountain with speed. Looking around, she sees the valley stretch beneath her. The oval cave behind her seems dark and ominous all of a sudden. Far below her, she sees a river snaking its way through the valley. To her right, she sees the mountain-rimmed valley widening into grasslands and forests. To her left, she sees a dust cloud descending from the narrow pass.
Tess pools some of her power into her eyes and peers at the far away shapes. She immediately recognises the seemingly random forms of mana mutants. It takes her some more studying before she classifies the threat correctly. She first thought that the small green plants were shrubs. It took her some more looking around before recognising them as trees. “Enforcer class mutants, why…?”
Then Tess feels it. The shift from Tree’s qi-rich environment to her current one felt off, something she first attributed to her forced teleportation. Only now does she feel the slight film of qi that’s present here and there. Contracting her fluid core into her head allows her to sharpen her senses. Still falling through the air, black streaks of power trailing behind her, Tess realises why Teach did what he did.
Tess takes a deep breath, the immature anger and irritation in her gut hardening to something she can work with. Sharpening her focus, she keeps her sight trained on the horde of ten-metre-large beasts storming to the brightest qi signature around, namely the qi crystal hanging above the village. The ground rushes up to her, but she has long since aimed for a shadowy crack between two rocks. She plunges into the impossible space between light and dark. She travels a hundred metres in a fraction of a second, shooting into the air from beneath a fallen tree.
Tess also knows what to do now. The amount of qi in the air is extremely faint, but she senses a lot more power making its way down from up high. The slight hint of pain and blood she senses from the diffuse power raining down is also enough for her to understand where the qi comes from. The entire episode with Teach getting his guts blown out moments after he stepped into the foundation realm seemed like an unimportant footnote. The dragon attack, short-lived exploration of the other continent, the mana dungeon, and other happenings seemed much more important back then. 
Jumping through the air with large bounds, Tess pulls a dagger from her ring. She flicks the blade forwards, replacing it with a shining rapier moments later. The small dagger - gifted by Teach ages ago - flies for kilometres before it lands in front of the stampeding horde. Tess inhales deeply and falls into another shadow.
She snatches the small dagger immediately after emerging from its proportionally massive shadow, throwing it with one hand while expertly stabbing a mutant in the heart with her rapier. She disappears again in a dark flash, her still meagre qi supply dwindling rather fast as she expertly culls the massive beasts.
She restarted her cultivation base – along with Ket – not too long ago. She might be displaying an extreme amount of control and utility for her level, but this does not diminish the fact that she is still merely a qi condenser. The experience she gained with her previous cultivation bases allows her to fight many times above her weight class by applying the little bit of power she has in the most optimal way possible. The fact that she incorporated the very nature of the odd power flickering through her veins multiplies her power once more.
Still, only a third of the stampeding monsters are killed when she drops to the ground panting while running on qi fumes. She has a rather ugly scowl on her face when she realises that she will need to test one of Ket’s more irritating theories. Shoving her entire power base inside her head not only allows her to move with precision, but it also allows her a limited form of braincore processing functionality. One of these temporary processes is now telling her that the horde will, in fact, manage to reach the village before she can take them all out. It also informs her that the damage will be substantial and that even a single unchecked enforcer mutant – thanks to the tightly packed nature of the village – will be able to kill hundreds in seconds.
Refusing to think of Bord, she guides the sluggish blob of energetic tar that is her core towards her heart. The world around her loses its glimmer, the extra shine and details granted by her fading mental enhancements disappearing. Instead, the fallen beasts around her start looking extremely tasty. A single thought yells in protest at the time she will waste by eating right now, but Tess ignores it. Somehow, she knows that she will make it.
Wiping the drool from her face, Tess carves herself a nice fat steak of short fur covered spider-legged fish. She makes a neat little pile from the many pieces of crushed tree surrounding her. She then lights it with the last smidgen of qi she has left, turning the wood into coal with a bright flash. She then sears the steak in the glowing heat before devouring the thing in seconds. The taste of raw meat surrounded by bloody char is nearly orgasmic. She hurries over to a long-necked bug, breaking off a single leg. Throwing the thing on the coals, she starts carving a true smorgasbord of meat for herself.
Sometime later, she seems to wake from a daze. Her stomach is full while her heart pumps the little qi it gathers right back into her bloodstream. Surrounded by partially dismantled carcasses, Tess licks her fingers while feeling like she forgot something. She nearly panics while spotting the horde of mutants. They are halfway between her and the village, mere minutes away from grinding all in the cave to powder. The man-made cave starts a couple dozen metres in the air, a distance that the large mutants can easily jump.
Burping loudly, she seems of two minds. On the one hand, she feels like she should start working hard right now. Reaching the foundation realm will require a lot of work and having an entire village at her beck and call will allow her to advance much quicker. Saving those people – and the qi-generating potential they represent – should be her number one priority. On the other hand, that large chunk of meat sizzling on the diminished coals does smell pretty nice.
Sighing through grease stained lips, Tess grabs the large steak, takes a bite, and throws her black dagger. Before, she would have spent a few seconds to calculate the optimum angle. Even in her skin-core days, Tess preferred double checking important stuff with hard reasoning and science. Things are different now that her core is inside her heart, though. The black knife – the shadow of a dagger that Teach pumped a rather ungodly amount of energy in as an experiment – screams through the air. It flies straight, not tumbling once as it catches up with the beast horde.
The small black thing comes down in the middle of the mutants, hitting a fifteen-metre long squid cow between the eyes. It bounces forward, its vertical momentum transferred into horizontal speed by the way it hit the beast’s bone forehead. Now spinning wildly, it cuts through a tendon here, stabbing a nerve there, before landing in front of the stampeding horde. Tess appears in front of the mutants, still munching on a slab of meat, watching through lidded eyes as three-quarters of the horde stumbles and falls to the ground.
What follows is a rather confusing display. Tess is now in full view of the village, and many stocky figures are peering over the fenced-off cliff at the spectacle below. People had been running around in a blind panic when their usually impenetrable defensive net of metal traps got trampled into the dirt. The unusual excitement of seeing a stranger had them all pumped up, the messages of doom the scouts brought shortly after only whipping the population into a further frenzy. The fact that a sizable portion of people started staring at the crystal hanging in the middle of the ceiling, an absent and slack-jawed expression on their face, made the few remaining calm villagers panic.
And now the population is watching with rapt attention as a pair of shapely legs attached to a girl systematically beats up and eats the threat that would have surely destroyed their entire community.
CHAPTER SIX
Legs 2
“Yes, my lovely le-” The stocky man stops speaking the moment he feels an object fly past his face. The small trickle of blood running down his cheek combined with the loud crash he hears behind him is enough for the man to shut up.
“No more of that now, scram!” The short man stands up and scrambles, running away at top speed. His rapidly disappearing back is followed by a deep and mournful sigh. Like a queen of darkness, cold and unapproachable by mortal men, Tess sits upon a throne. She stares down at the world with weary eyes, trickles of darkness wafting across cheeks like ephemeral tears.
“Why?” A single syllable escapes from her lips. “Why did all of these short fuckers become heartcores? Dungeons below and Flight above, why have you abandoned me?”
“I’m not a heartcore,” replies the only other living being near.
“You don’t count,” is Tess’ cold reply.
“I think I count,” the small dwarf mumbles softly, caressing the book in her stubby hands with fervour.
Tess throws a disgusted glance at the woman and nearly spits on the ground. Her constant attendant is one of the few small people that didn’t cultivate a heartcore. All the normal dwarves saw her fight with the mass of qi-contaminated enforcer mutants a couple days ago. They saw her struggle at first until she put all of her cultivation base into her heart. The gruesome display of violence while she constantly ate must have unlocked some form of racial instincts in the peanut gallery. The entire crowd was chomping at the bit when she sauntered back to the stone village, a large chunk of meat in her hand.
They had asked her how she had become so strong. “Just stuff the power in your heart, you know,” was what she had answered. Exhausted from the intense fight and the needed changes in cultivation form, she had fallen into the first bed she had found. Nearly every single inhabitant had been a heartcore when she woke up.
This means that Tess, who dislikes the near moronic, instinctual dumb brutes at the best of times, is now surrounded by two thousand heartcore cultivators. The few outlying cases had been weird, to begin with, and the fact that they now had even less in common with the average citizen had only driven them further into their peculiarities. The old woman that was constantly at Tess’ side is a great example of this phenomenon.
“Nice weather, no?” asks Tess once again.
The old woman clutches the pristine tome tighter to her chest. “Weather is of no consequence, except that rain can be a great source of quenching water for the hardest of alloys. And moisture is a factor when determining the exact temperature of a forge, but that’s influenced by humidity, not the weather, per se. If times are truly dire, one can forge in the rain, but make sure to keep the increased cooling rates in mind. Otherwise, the…”
Tess lets the rambling old bint talk, ignoring the babbling madwoman. The wrinkled dwarf is the current keeper of the books. Her mental state was already quite warped due to her hermit-like lifestyle. The recent upheavals did little to improve her tenuous sanity. It is her duty to keep the books safe. Every single child in the village can recite the things backwards and forwards from the moment they can talk, so Tess does not see why the source of information should be so revered. A lifelong obsession with the bloody objects was not to be interrupted by a qi-apocalypse, it seemed. So now Tess is stuck with a semi-official advisor who literally can’t talk about anything else than forging, crafting, grinding, polishing, and quenching metal.
She was already quite tired to begin with – having to continually kill cultivating mana mutants to keep everyone around from turning into paste will do that to anyone – but the insistent metallurgic nattering is only making her headache worse.
“I’m going out on patrol. Bye.”
“But you may never leave the forge unattended when the coals are-”
Sick of the same routine, Tess stands up and jumps into the shadow behind her throne. She hangs there for a second, feeling the reassuring cool tingle of power, her cultivation covering her in the shape of a large cloak. She hangs in the shadow for a few seconds before the sameness gets to her, and she starts hankering for change.
Jumping from beneath a bench outside the throne chamber, she makes her way through the bustling village. Tess finds it odd that merely recognising that she desires contrast is enough for her to see it everywhere. In retrospect, she can apply that philosophy of change to her entire life, finding clear indicators of her path everywhere. Her job before Lola and Teach kidnapped her was made out of extremes, she silently snuck through a place that was designed around loud and wild combat. She let the world see a version of her that was unlike her true self, always smiling in order to appease.
She is still thinking about the edge between differences when she walks into the place where she has been spending a lot of time, the central kitchen. Boisterous greetings are shouted at her as she enters the heavenly smelling place, the aroma of sizzling meat combining with frying mushrooms and wild herbs. “I think I might have a bit of room left. Does anyone have any new dishes for me to try?”
“Mistress! Here, it’s the finest cut of the hard-shelled lizard from yesterday.”
“Mistress, I tried concentrating the mutant’s blood essence. It’s not very tasty, but this contains the most power so far.”
“Please try this! Not much power, but very tasty.”
Plates and dishes are shoved in her face. Dancing through the bustling kitchen, she reaches a stone table and sits down, deftly carrying the plates she is handed. She immediately begins eating, smiling and thanking the dwarves around her, commenting and complementing where praise is due.
The qi in the air is rising, but the power levels are still nanoscopic when compared to the levels she had access to inside Tree. Tess has a single desire at the moment, and that is to grow stronger. The scarce trickle of information coming from the central crystal hanging above the village informed her that only foundation realm students can purchase general information about the other students. Teleportation services are also blocked until she breaches into the next realm. And Tess is still kind of angry at herself for thinking like this, but she misses Ket. Just cultivation by breathing in the qi around her has had extremely limited effect. She would need years before she would have gathered the minimum amount of energy to attempt taking the first step on her path. The non-standard way she is cultivating at the moment isn’t helping her either.
Tess is loathed to admit it, but she is following in Bord’s footsteps. She is eating her way to power, consuming large amounts of qi-enriched meat each day. The forges in the town are working overtime, producing new metal hunting weapons, implements, and traps in order to keep her sated. Tess has seen Teach’s way of doing things – an uncontrolled chaos purely driven by incentives – and she firmly decided that it wasn’t her thing. Instead, she had had a friendly chat with the dwarves in charge. Somehow, they had been extremely amicable and willing to listen to any suggestion she had.
Tess is also sure that the fact that she had been covered in blood while she was casually consuming the flesh of an enforcer mutant had a lot to do with the sudden obedience she inspired in the aged and bearded leaders. Tess had been friendly as she informed the entire village of what was happening. She had offered them her protection, promising to take care of the beasts too powerful for the town’s inhabitants. All she had wanted in return was food – this was her heartcore talking – and progress.
“Thish ish nishe,” Tess mumbles through greasy lips. She licks her fingers clean one by one, nodding at the beaming cook who prepared the succulent meat dish. She takes a sip of the near black concoction another villager put in front of her. Her face twists into a grimace before she takes another sip. “This one is gross, but the qi is pretty good. Maybe add some sugar.”
The man she addresses nods a single time before returning back to his stove. Tess then looks over the large table of steaming food, smiles at the expectant faces of the sweaty dwarven, and slips all the dishes into her ring. “Thanks, bye now!”
“Yes! My dish was chosen! The legs have uplifted me from the munda-”
“She took all of our dishes, you dunce.”
“She drank mine, even though it didn’t taste very good, because I can help her grow in power, so all the universe can observe the glory that is those two majestic limb-”
Tess runs away faster, feeling immensely uncomfortable as she hears the cooks begin to bicker. “Teach, I will fucking kill you, you son of a mutant.”
Just when she was starting to explore her own path, when she was beginning to see the way that she should advance, she was dumped here. Instead of an environment where she could fully experiment with the glimpses of contrast she had seen so far, she was abandoned in this monument to monotony. All the small people – Tess had started calling them dwarves – look the same. All the men wear beards. All the women wear the same rough spun, simple dresses. All the buildings in the town are hewn from stone. All the tools, items, pots, and pans are made from the same black metal. All the men are miners and smiths, and all the women tend to farms or gather plants outside.
“Mayor, if you call me legs, I will beat you,” Tess says the moment she appears in the most central building of the village.
The official leader of the village, a rather wrinkled dwarf, looks up from his desk at the sudden intrusion. He smiles widely, genuine laugh lines appearing on his entire face, as he shows a mouth filled with missing teeth. “As you wish, Mistress.”
Tess’ hand twitches. She barely stops herself from flinging a qi-formed dagger at the old geezer. The way he pronounced ‘Mistress’ was filled with enough meaning to fill a small book. “Stop that. Any news?”
“No. Moving to that fern still takes a million of these points you keep talking about. The option-”
“It’s not a fern. It’s Tree.”
Ignoring her interruption like it’s smoke, the old man continues. “-to bring a mount or pet has gotten a large discount, though. It’s currently the highest priority message we have gotten so far.”
“A mount? How much?” Tess’ tired eyes regain a bit of their fire.
“A thousand of these points.”
“Done. Get that stupid feathered cat in here now! Teach, I haven’t properly slept for a week! Every time I manage to close my eyes, some new horrible mutant has eaten a piece of your guts, and I need to go kill it, nearly losing my own life in the process.” Her rant grows more and more heated as she remembers all that has happened over the past ten days.
“Teach, you better be getting stronger too, because I will murder the shit out of you when I manage to get back to Tr-” She’s screaming at the floating crystal in a blind rage, veins popping up on her forehead, when she is interrupted by a yowling cat in her face. The dark-feathered beast had been sleeping peacefully inside Tree when it was suddenly deposited on top of its owner. It leaps away from Tess before her dagger can find purchase.
Cat, girl, and old dwarf all look at each other for a few moments. The old man clears his throat. “So this is you-”
“ALARM, ALARM!” Loud bells ring through the village as the scouts sound the alarm. “FOUR LEGS AND WINGS, ALARM!”
Tess drags a hand across her dark-rimmed eyes. She’s nearly resigned herself to having to fight another of the freaks when she spots her mount. A manic smile on her face, she appears next to the weary beast instantaneously, grabbing it by the scruff of its neck. “I nearly forgot! You want to get stronger, no? Getting dragged around is no fun, right? So listen here, my feathered friend. I need some time to rest. You are limited to my power level, so the fact that I recultivated must not have been fun, right?”
The old dwarf watches on in a mix of confusion and fascination, seeing the girl and beast converse through whispered threats and anxious head nods or shakes respectively.
“Now I want to beat the shit out of Teach, and I’m pretty sure I’ve found my path, so it’s a straight shot to the foundation realm for me. This means for you too! But first, before we both can leisurely enjoy being free of earthly bonds and responsibilities and involuntary teleports, we need to grow stronger. You are limited by me, so it’s in your best interest to help me. And I need to sleep and eat.” Here Tess starts walking to the large door. She waves at the stocky guards standing next to the room’s entrance, who hurriedly follow her orders and start pulling the heavy door open.
“So we can help each other here. I will become stronger, and you will facilitate that. Kill all the strong beasts around and bring their bodies to the kitchens. And off you go!” And Tess hurls the half tonne animal through the opened doors, waving happily at it as the cat soars through the enormous opening, into the coming horde of mutants. Her mount has such a wronged look on its face, everyone except Tess herself feels immensely sorry for the beast.
“I’m going to sleep,” says Tess while dusting off her hands. “Cover the crystal. It’s been an hour.” She waves towards the old dwarf and disappears in a black flash.
The old man stands there for a long while, pondering and questioning when the world has become such a weird place. Shaking himself from his musings, he turns to the crystal hanging in the air next to him. Below the crystal is a circular opening, allowing the large group of citizens below a direct line of sight to the slowly spinning rock. The old man slides the metal slab across the floor, hiding the crystal from below by covering the hole.
For some reason, access to an information construct does weird things to his villagers. He had seen it during the initial rampage that mistress Tess had gone on. While one half of the village had seen her blood-covered form return from the battlefield, casually snacking on a mutant strong enough to kill his entire village a hundred times over, the other half had been entranced. They had started looking at the suddenly-materializing gem hovering in the cave above all the buildings and hadn’t stopped looking until someone broke their line of sight with the shining gem.
They had all stumbled around in a daze for a bit before starting to rant about something they had learned, somehow. So a new building had been built, one designed to accommodate ‘gem learning,’ as it is known. Once every hour, he or another official on duty covered the gem, allowing the people below to process what they had learned. A new batch of people will enter before the gem is uncovered again.
A clear mind and a desire to not learn anything specific – harder than it seems at first – is needed to perform this task. Demanding the gem only to provide news, and not any of its myriad of immensely fascinating sources of information is near impossible for the younger generations, but the mayor himself managed quite easily. He had lost himself once in the gem’s web of data, and only once. Metal is all, after all, and being the most proficient and gifted smith for years has left him with all there is to know about metal, heat, the hammer, and the forge.
There is no way to precisely measure temperature in the village, so the complex charts of quenching and tempering data are useless. The ideal steel composition made from a carbon and iron mixture is something every novice blacksmith learns, theoretical drivel. The only information new to the old man was the existence of other metals. The lack of means to refine them through complex processes means these discoveries are equally useless to the old man.
Sighing at how much the world changes yet stays the same, the most proficient smith on the entire planet, halfway into the eon old Dao of the forge turns back to his small smithy. The only thing that has changed for him is that forging has become a tiny bit easier. “Using qi to clear away scale is a mighty innovation indeed,” he thinks while picking up his hammer. He doesn’t even notice as the qi swirls around his hammer with every strike.
CHAPTER SEVEN
Supposition 1
Re-Haan is in a pickle. She’s tied up, her arms and legs bound to cold corners of a stone slab she's quite unable to break, and access to her cultivation is blocked. Her thoughts are about to slip back in time as she wonders how things had turned out this way, but the rustling of brush nearby is enough to snap her wandering mind back to the present. A rhythmic crunching of branches and trees has her training her eyes at the shaking undergrowth. A cloud of leaves comes down in a green rain as the ground shakes, and one of the bloody things has the nerve to land right on her nose.
Twitching her face into all kinds of distortions to get rid of the falling itching irritants, she tries to keep track of the direction the sound is coming from. She tries shaking her head again, but she's bound up in a very interesting way. In short, she can’t move a single muscle but feels oddly comfortable despite the many metres of rope digging into her flesh.
Then a hundred-metre-large tree comes crashing down, its furthest branches missing the trussed-up woman by mere centimetres. The silence that follows the rumble of broken branches is interrupted by a chittering roar. This is then followed by the cause of the sudden deforestation itself, a fifteen-metre-high combination between a chicken and an octopus. It slithers and struts closer to the bound woman, clucking in a rather slimy manner as it crushes all underfoot.
“Uhm… Hello, being. As you can see, I’m in no state to welcome one such as you properly. Please free me so I can be a proper host.”
The beast responds to her gracious request by stalking closer and lowering its toothy head. Re-Haan closes her eyes in order to prevent the spray of mucus from entering her orifices, not keen on tasting the mutant’s bodily fluids by any means.
“I’m not tasty, you know. Just nibble at this rope.” Here she wiggles her hips, trying to indicate one of the knots sitting on top of her naked skin. “Just cut it there, and I think I should be able to free myself shortly.” Re-Haan is starting to worry now. The misshapen head – a mixture between a dinosaur and the aforementioned chicken – is nearly touching her tender flesh. Her breath becomes slightly more rapid as her struggling intensifies. “Yes, that spot. No, don’t lick it! Dungeons, stop that!”
Re-Haan squirms like her life depends on it. Honestly, from the way the slimy chicken is licking its beak and herself, it very well might. A furious squawk distracts the large predator for long enough to look backwards, just in time for it to be snatched by a praying mantis the size of a house. The two beasts fight, the chicken using large gouts of water to fend off the fire-using, oversized insect. An epic battle unfolds, and Re-Haan has hope for a few minutes. None of the lethal shards of splintered tree or stray gouts of magic breaks her ropes, though.
All in all, it only takes the large chicken three minutes to peck the shit out of the interloper. It doesn’t even eat the opponent it defeated, merely kicking some dirt over its battered corpse before strutting back to Re-Haan. “I would very much like to be rescued right about now. Why did I-”
Seconds before the large beak tears into her soft flesh, a black flash interrupts the chicken. “Hah, you fiend! How dare you. Have no worry, my lady. I will defeat this vile opponent and get thou down safe-”
“Watch out!”
Despite her well-meant warning, the hooded figure that saved her in the nick of time does not avoid the beasts’ attack. Instead, Re-Haan catches a glimpse of surprised irritation on the shadowed persons’ face before he is flung backwards, a large beak picking him up by the scruff of his neck. “Release me, you savage beast! Hnnng.” The man tries to wiggle around but fails to reach far enough behind him to get free. He is then flung upwards, the beasts’ mouth opening below him. “Shit, shit, shit!”
He manages to get a single finger around the sharp edge of the beak, barely flipping himself from between the chicken’s violently closing mouth. Grabbing hold of a nostril, the dark man holds on tight. The fight that follows is as impressive as it is clumsy. The way he barely avoids lethal attacks is almost worthy of praise if it weren't for the many, many ways in which he fails to inflict any damage to the beast. The farce is ended when a tree – which had been on the edge of falling over for the last half an hour – falls on top of the chicken. 
“Haha! Fear not, milady. I managed to vanquish this foul beast, preventing it from tarnishing your noble self, preserving your chastity and purity.” The man walks over to the still tied up Re-Haan, panting hard as he stumbles closer. “I will have thee free within seconds.” Lecherous hands roam across her body under the pretence of loosening the knots. The malicious smirk on her saviour’s face rivals that of the chicken, in terms of hunger for her flesh.
Re-Haan clears her throat and meekly addresses the hero. “You saved me. I would have perished for sure. How could I ever repay you?”
“Have no worries, my fair lady. I’m sure we can come to a mutually beneficial conclusion.”
⁂
“That was fun,” I smile at Rhea.
“You thought that was fun? I thought it was kind of sad, but I can’t really tell what was so sad about it.”
We're lying on top of the stone slab, catching our breath. “Limiting our power to match the opponent was your idea, remember? It took me a long time to manoeuvre the stupid, oversized piece of poultry in the correct position. A mere few centimetres to the left or the right, and it would have seen that falling tree.”
“Then I am impressed you managed to make such a calculated move look like pure, dumb coincidence.”
I mull over her words while stroking her hair leisurely. “Thanks, I guess?”
“So, that was the damsel in distress scenario?”
“It should have been a dragon, not a chicken. And you should have been wearing even less. Also, some anxious encouragements would have been nice. At least you really got into your role after I rescued you.” I wiggle my eyebrows at her and am relieved that I manage to make her blush slightly.
Rhea sits up, stretching her limbs out and showing me another nice sight. “What I mean is, your scenario is done, right?”
