
*****************************************************
*****************************************************
Your ebook has decrypted.
The TXT file just save 20% of ebook content.
Please register the software, then get all contents and the valid ebook format.
*****************************************************
*****************************************************


    Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Prologue
​Humanity stands on the brink of annihilation. Earth has been overrun by monsters, spawned by the six towers that appeared eighty years ago. Each tower pierces through the heavens; they are taller than any structure created by humankind, and invulnerable to any attack.
​Demons run rampant through cities, their infernal flames dyeing the planet red. Mount Everest is now the territory of a dragon, and the very oceans burn with hellfire. Earth has been transformed into an inhospitable landscape. There are no survivors.
​Except, of course, for the strongest of the ascenders; people who entered the tower long ago, seeking riches and power. They are the strongest humanity has to offer, yet even they couldn’t prevent the catastrophe.
​The tower is made up of many floors, and after eighty years have passed, only a single floor remains to be conquered. If it is, the towers will disappear, and earth can be salvaged and humanity rebuilt. And yet, the last ascenders have already given up hope. They have attempted many times to beat the last floor, only to fail miserably, losing countless lives.
​Only one ascender hadn’t fallen into despair. A man with the appearance of a teenager, with blond hair and emerald green eyes. Roy, the champion of light. He wore a set of white armor shining with holy yellow light. In his hands was the most powerful weapon ever acquired in the tower, a divine-grade sword. Without it, he was one of the strongest ascenders, and with it, he towered above them all.
​On the final floor, Roy stood atop a small hill, overlooking the remaining ninety-nine ascenders. They were separated into three groups. The Chinese and Russians formed one, India and Africa another, and Europe and the United States the last. Some sat on the ground, their eyes unfocused, while others stared aimlessly into the distance. All of them shared one thing in common: their eyes were dead.
​A pure yellow light flickered in the depths of Roy’s eyes. He raised his divine-grade sword and activated one of its skills. A pulse of yellow energy burst out from Roy, covering the ascenders in its light, granting them considerable buffs to their damage and stats. The ascenders glanced up at Roy, wondering what he was doing.
​“Everyone!” Roy spoke, his voice calm and even, filled with an unbending will. “We are the last of humanity. There are only a hundred of us left, and yet, we are still alive, are we not?”
​A black man with white tattoos stood up, a machete in his hands. The man glanced around with a sneer. “Does it look like we are living to you? We have found a hiding spot from the demons for now, but how long will that last?”
​Roy disregarded the man and continued. “I propose we fight Baal one more time.”
​An Indian woman with the tattoo of a red phoenix on her forehead shot to her feet. “Fight Baal? Are you crazy? He is a hero-grade raid boss.”
​All of the ascenders were dismissive of Roy, except for one, an elderly Chinese man with a long ponytail. He slowly stood up and planted his spear into the ground. “Roy, what do you mean by ‘we’?”
​Roy turned to the elder and bowed slightly, a respectful smile on his face. This man had once been the strongest ascender alive, named Shenlong, Mandarin for rising dragon. That changed when Roy acquired the divine-grade sword. “Elder Shenlong, I mean exactly what I say.”
​Roy stood straight and glanced around. “It is unfortunate that the last world war divided us so. Europe and the United States, China and Russia, India and Africa. Three factions. It is true that Baal has defeated us time and time again, but were we, humanity, truly fighting him at our strongest?”
​Shenlong’s eyes narrowed, a grin tugging at his lips. The eyes of the other ascenders lit up with realization. Right. The times they fought Baal had been with their own factions. Now, due to unfortunate circumstances, they had banded together.
​Roy pointed at the Indian woman. “We have Amara, the strongest mage humanity has to offer.”
​Amara raised her finger; a terrifyingly white ball of fire appearing above it. “Baal might use hellfire, but when he gets a taste of my spells, he shrieks.”
​Roy turned to face a petite woman with curly brown hair. “And then there’s Carly, the greatest healer.”
​A Chinese man shot to his feet. “I am the greatest healer humanity has to offer!”
​Carly and the Chinese man glared at each other, trying to best the other. Roy chuckled. “Fei Hong, I haven’t forgotten about you. Indeed, I misspoke. Whether you or Carly is better is hard to say. She specializes in single-target healing, while you specialize in area of effect healing.”
Roy pointed at a young man wearing a massive shield. “We have Jason, the cockroach who never dies!”
​Jason frowned, irritated at the title others had thrust upon him. Regardless, he stood up and slammed his shield into the ground. “I can tank Baal for five minutes by myself.”
​Just as Roy was about to point out another person, a thin black man stood up. His appearance was strange. Sometimes he looked young, other times old. “I am the champion of Alister, the god of tricks. My illusions can even fool a hero-grade raid boss!”
​“I am the best archer humanity has to offer!”
​One ascender after another stood up and called out their specialty. After everyone stood up, their eyes blazing, Shenlong moved. He strode up to Roy, his spear at his side. Everyone grew tense, but Roy just gazed at Shenlong, his eyes calm.
​Shenlong stopped in front of Roy and held out his free hand. “China stand with you!”
​Roy smiled. He grabbed Shenlong’s hand and raised it into the air. “Baal will fall this day!”
​“Death to Baal!”
​The greatest force humanity had to offer was created. For many years, they had fought against each other, whether for loot or because of the affiliations with their countries. Now, with the fate of humanity on the line, they banded together.
​That wasn’t all.
​An old Chinese man, so old that he seemed to be on the verge of death, stood up, his eyes glittering. His voice was raspy as he spoke. “Everyone, I may not have much combat potential, but I am a decent blacksmith. Let me repair your equipment.”
​Everyone ran towards the Chinese man, their eyes burning. This man was the champion of Brundo, the god of professions. Long had China had a monopoly on him. For years, China had boasted the greatest equipment forged by humankind, and it was all due to this elder. His name was Su Long. Normally when a blacksmith repaired equipment, it would just restore its durability. However, when Su Long repaired equipment, it buffed the stats of the equipment temporarily.
​Roy stood on the hill as he watched everyone gather around Su Long. Next to him, Shenlong sighed heavily. “It is unfortunate that Abel and Jafari have passed. We could have used them.”
​“Alas.” Roy shook his head.
​Abel was the best cook. His food provided an overwhelming boost to stats, albeit temporarily. Jafari was an alchemist who could make the strongest potions. With them, they would have had a greater chance at killing Baal. Unfortunately, they had died not long ago.
​When everyone was prepared, they set out. The last floor was what everyone imagined hell to be. The sky was filled with flames, and the ground was hundreds of degrees. If not for their superhuman bodies, they would have melted on the spot.
​As they made their way to Baal, they encountered numerous demons. They were no match for humanity’s last stand. Only Baal could stop their advance. They pierced through the armies of hell with unstoppable momentum.
​Soon, they arrived before Baal’s fortress. It was made out of some black material that only Roy’s divine-grade sword could damage. This fortress couldn’t be destroyed, so they could only enter through the front entrance. Surprisingly, the fortress was completely empty. They met no resistance as they headed deeper inside. When they arrived before the room where Baal was located, the doors were already open, as if welcoming them in. A deep, rumbling voice echoed from inside. “Humanity’s last stand, huh? Come. Come inside and be slaughtered like the cattle you are.”
​In response, everyone stepped forward, already in formation. Everyone who had buffs cast them. The tanks moved forward, the healers were protected, and the casters got into position. They were all elites, veterans among veterans. Even though they had just banded together, they had fought each other over the past decades and knew what each other’s strengths and weaknesses were.
​As soon as they entered the massive room, the doors behind them swung shut.
Chapter 1
​After several hours of intense fighting, only five humans were left. They were above superhuman, possessing abilities beyond their peers. It was no wonder they were the last ones standing. All of them possessed courageous spirits and didn’t fear death. No, they laughed at it.
​Even so, Baal was just too strong. Jason, the greatest cockroach, fell first, protecting his allies from a devastating attack. Shenlong fell after him, his body consumed by black hellfire. Fei Hong and Carly, the last healers, died, vaporized by Baal’s most devastating spell.  A single man stood before his foe, his breath ragged. He looked around and found his companions dead. The comrades and foes he had spent the past six decades with were dead. Mutilated beyond recognition. He fought back his tears and focused on the demon before him, the leader of hell.
​“Baal!” He screamed hoarsely. The powerful flames of hell invaded his body. His internal organs were a mess. He wouldn’t live for long.
​“Human!” Baal roared with anger, his voice booming. The puny humans were weak, but each one he killed left him more wounded than before. He was on his last stand. Even so, he was a king of hell. He would kill the human before him and recover his wounds.
​Roy coughed up a mouthful of black blood. Tiny black flames could be seen within the blood. The light began to fade from Roy’s eyes. He was dying.
​Even as he was on the verge of death, he summoned the last of his willpower to force himself forward. His walk turned into a jog, then a sprint. He charged towards Baal and activated his most powerful skill. Somehow, his sword managed to plant itself in Baal’s heart. The skill activated and Baal’s torso burst apart.
​Baal collapsed to the ground and clutched his chest. “Human… you… you…”
​Roy leaned against his sword to keep himself upright. He watched as the foe who had killed all of his comrades died. Relieved, he slowly closed his eyes. Just then, a voice filled the world. “The trial has been passed!”
​Surprised, Roy glanced up and saw a white figure standing before him. The figure was shrouded in white light. He couldn’t make out the person’s features, but he was sure it was a man. The man’s voice was soft. “Congratulations on passing the trial.”
​Roy was filled with a rage beyond any other. He struggled to raise his hand and pointed at the man. “You! You are the one behind this!”
​The man ignored Roy’s accusation and continued. “You have one wish.”
​Roy paused and quelled his rage. He was on the verge of death and too tired to be angry. If there was one wish, it would be...
​As he was about to open his mouth, he suddenly collapsed to the ground. In the end, Baal’s flames were too strong.
​The man watched callously as Roy died. Just as the man was about to dissipate, there was an audible groan.
​Among the hundred corpses, Jason suddenly twitched. It was possible to see his wounds recover with the naked eye. After minutes turned into hours, Jason’s eyes snapped open. He stood up with a start and looked around. “Huh? Where’s Baal?”
​Jason looked down at his feet and found a bunch of corpses. “They’re dead… all dead...”
​He clenched his hands. “Am I really the last human remaining?”
​Tears fell from his eyes as he fell to his knees and mourned. “If you’re dead, what will I do? I’m useless. Just a guy who knows how to survive.”
​He struggled to his feet and roamed around the room. He found Baal’s corpse and gave it a few kicks. “Damn demon! If it wasn’t because I had an insane recovery ability, I would have died by your flames.”
​After satisfying himself, he found Roy’s corpse not too far from Baal. He walked up to Roy and crouched down. With a heavy sigh, he closed Roy’s eyes. “Rest in peace, hero among heroes. Without you, humanity would never have lasted this long.”
​Jason glanced at Roy’s sword and hesitated. A moment later, he brought the sword against his neck and closed his eyes. A minute passed as he stood there motionless. His eyes suddenly snapped open. “AHHHHH!”
​Even as he screamed, the sword never moved. With a defeated laugh, the sword fell to the ground with a clang. “I don’t even have the courage to kill myself.”
​He looked up and saw a white figure staring at him. Alarmed, he took up a defensive posture. He was ready to flee at any moment. “Who’re you?!”
​The white figure asked calmly. “What do you wish for?”
​“Huh? Wish?” Jason’s thoughts spun rapidly. He looked down at Baal’s corpse and realized that with his death, the last floor of the tower had been cleared. Unexpectedly, this figure was offering him a wish as a reward.
​The white figure watched patiently. Jason looked down at Roy’s corpse and came to a conclusion. “I wish for the complete resurrection of humanity! And not the undead type of resurrection!”
​“It shall be done.” The white figure waved his hand.
​Jason watched with tears of happiness. A minute passed, and yet nothing happened. “Did you… did you do it?”
​“Not enough energy.” The white figure replied.
​“Huh?!” Jason was stunned. “You asked me for a wish and yet you couldn’t complete it?”
​“Access to master has been cut off. Energy reserves are not enough to satisfy your request.” The white figure explained.
​“Bullshit! The reward for clearing the tower should be whatever wish I wanted, right? And yet you’re saying you can’t fulfill it!?” Jason was incensed. He blurted out all sorts of swear words and insults.
​The white figure’s face was placid as Jason vented his rage. After a minute, the white figure asked again. “What do you wish for?”
​“The complete revival of humanity, damn it!” Jason repeated.
​The white figure shook his head. “Not enough energy.”
​“AHHHH!” Jason grabbed his head in frustration. “Damn it all!”
​He collapsed to the ground and looked over at Roy. “What would you do, Roy?”
​Even though they never got along, deep inside, he felt profound respect for Roy. No matter what Roy encountered, he never gave up. That alone was admirable, and yet that was just a single trait. Roy was the perfect hero. He extended a helping hand to all, placed others before himself, and never stopped working hard.
​With renewed determination, Jason stood up and glared at the white figure. “I want to go back in time to before the towers arrived!”
​“It shall be done.” The white figure waved his hand.
​This time, Jason felt his vision fade to black. His soul was whisked away and sent through time.
Chapter 2
​Jason felt weightless as an explosion of light blinded him. Squinting, he could just barely make out the scenes of his life, except that they were playing in reverse. The battle with Baal, the other demons, undead, dragons, devils… countless battles flashed by in mere seconds. Realizing what was going on, Jason was delighted. It’s working. I’m really going back to before the towers arrived.
​Suddenly, the scenes grew slower and began to fade in and out. Before Jason could understand what was going on, everything went black.
​“Hey, what’s going on? Why’d you stop?”
​Opening his eyes, Jason found himself in a familiar dimly lit tunnel. The pungent smell of goblins was in the air. Strong body odor and piss. Turning towards the voice, Jason recognized a long-forgotten face. His eyes widened in shock. “Freddy?!”
​Freddy? Why is he calling me by my nickname? Fred frowned. “Yeah, what?”
​To his side, Angela rebuked, “You’re the tank, you need to pay attention at all times. Stay focused on your front. What if a group of goblins came right now?”
​Stunned, Jason turned his head and saw Angela, and next to her was George. “What are you guys doing here?”
​“Have you gone crazy?” Fred pointed a finger at his head.
​Jason inspected his hands. No calluses? I really have gone back in time, but why is it like this?
​After the shock subsided, Jason’s thoughts began to spin rapidly. He couldn’t be more familiar with the tower, or with the people in front of him. He was currently on the first floor of the tower. It was made up of underground tunnels and was home to thousands of goblins. If he recalled correctly, then right now, he was undergoing a trial run.
​Fred, George, and Angela were assigned as his teammates with Angela being the examiner. Her duty was to teach and guide him and to see if he had any potential. They all belonged to the ‘Battleshields’ association, a bottom of the barrel guild who only delved through the lower floors. If they hadn’t recently lowered their standards, they would never have accepted a twenty-eight-year old. Wait, that means the towers have been here for twenty years already!
​Why was this happening? Didn’t he wish to return to before the towers arrived? Then why was his wish off by twenty years? He recalled the words of the white figure. ‘Not enough energy’. Did that mean there wasn’t even enough energy to complete his wish? God dammit!
​Jason clenched his hands. His goal was to prevent as many deaths as possible by returning to the past. After the towers arrived, they would occasionally release waves of monsters to attack earth. At first it wasn’t so bad, but as the decades passed, they grew harder and harder to defeat. Humanity started to suffer serious losses after twenty-five years. That meant he had to clear the tower in less than five years. It took eighty years to clear it last time, and everybody but him had died! How was he to do it so quickly?
​George rolled his eyes after seeing Jason’s pale face. “Look how afraid he is. I’m afraid he isn’t worth our guild’s time, Angela.”
​“Agreed.” Fred nodded. “Let’s go back.”
​Angela furrowed her brows. Damn it. Is this the level of talent our guild can attract nowadays? Ever since our guild master died on the middle floors, everything went to shit. After gathering her thoughts, she sighed heavily. “Fine. Let’s go back.”
​Fred walked up to Jason and extended his hand. “Give us our equipment back.”
​Jason took a deep breath after gathering his thoughts. It wasn’t like he could travel through time at will. He had no choice but to accept his current circumstances. Time was short, so he had to grow as strong as possible before humanity started to suffer casualties. Seeing Fred’s extended hand, he grew confused.
​“What? You didn’t think you’d get to keep the equipment we gave you, right?” Fred started to grow angry. “Quickly, hand it over.”
​Jason hadn’t been paying attention earlier, so he didn’t hear their conversation. “Did I fail?”
​“Frankly, you’re a piece of trash.” George commented with a look of disdain.
​“Hey.” Angela gave George a look.
​“Okay, no problem.” Jason didn’t care about the comment from some kid. He was a veteran among veterans. If he got angry with someone sixty years younger than him, he’d be embarrassed. He took off his iron helmet, chestplate, platelegs, shield, and sword before handing it over. They were the cheapest of equipment; something only low-level guilds would hand their new members. Top guilds would hand their members enchanted gear, not this trash. As far as Jason was concerned, it would be the same whether he had it or not.
​“And the ring.” Fred said after storing the equipment in his inventory ring.
​Jason stared at Fred. “This is given to everyone by the tower as a gift. This is my property, not yours.”
​George chuckled. “This guy, he probably wants to sell it for a few thousand bucks. Maybe that was his plan all along?”
​There were a few cases of people entering the tower just so they could acquire an inventory ring and sell it for a quick buck.
​Just as Fred was about to speak further, Angela cut him off. “Forget it, let’s just go.”
​Fred shrugged. Together, Angela, Fred, and George began to head down the tunnel towards the location of the portal leading out of the tower. After a minute, Angela turned around after noticing that they were missing a person. “Uh, where did Jason go?”
​Fred scratched his cheek. “Crap...”
​George snorted. “Good riddance.”
​Angela groaned. “If the outside hears we couldn’t protect a trial taker, our reputation will be ruined.”
​“Oh.” George suddenly grimaced. If that were to happen, our guild would be finished.
​“Let’s go! We might still find him before the goblins do.” Angela dashed madly down the tunnel, followed by George and Fred. However, even after an hour of searching, they couldn’t find Jason. They had no choice but to give up.
​Fred kicked the ground. “Damn it!”
​Angela felt guilty for not paying attention earlier. If she had, she might have prevented a meaningless death. As she recalled Jason’s pale face, her mood worsened.
​George whispered. “Let’s keep this a secret among ourselves.”
​“Yeah.” Fred agreed with a grim face.
​“Not possible.” Angela shook her head. “His family will investigate once he goes missing. Soon enough, the trail will lead to our guild.”
​“What? Then aren’t we finished?” George clenched his hands. Maybe it's time to leave this trash guild. With my talent, I could easily join a mid-tier guild.
​Everyone had different thoughts as they left the tower.
​Meanwhile, Jason himself was alive and well. After quietly leaving Angela’s group, he made his way through the first floor. Even though he had no equipment, he was still confident. If he couldn’t even deal with some little goblins, his life would have been a joke.
​Jason glanced at his finger, finding a grey ring. This was called an inventory ring, and was gifted to every person who entered the tower. It was the lowest quality inventory ring, but even so it was invaluable. Inside the ring was an independent space capable of storing items. With a single thought, you could store or retrieve anything, as long as it fit inside.
​After a quick inspection, all he found was three days’ worth of food, a wallet, and a phone. When he thought back to how—just minutes earlier and decades into the future—he’d had the best quality inventory ring stocked with top-grade items and equipment, he couldn’t help but realize how low he had fallen.
​Status. With a thought, a transparent screen appeared which only he could see. When one entered the tower, the very essence of their being would be fundamentally changed. For example, if Jason was shot in the head by a gun, he would be completely fine as long as his health didn’t drop to 0. The most he would take was some damage. As Jason saw his pitiful stats, he sighed. He felt as blind as a bat. No longer did he have superhuman stats, capable of sensing everything around him. His vision was mediocre and his hearing was muffled. I forgot how weak humans are.
Name: Jason
Title: None
Age: 28
Race: Human
Level: 1
Stat Points: 0
Health: 125/125
Health Regeneration: .50/s
Stamina: 140/140
Stamina Regeneration: .56/s
Strength: 13
Vitality: 25
Agility: 13
Endurance: 28
Tenacity: 11
Fortitude: 12
Chapter 3
​As Jason was taking a look at his stats, the sound of footsteps could be heard from around the corner. He quickly closed his status screen and grasped at his waist, but found nothing. Looking down in surprise, he found that he was missing his shield and sword. He remembered that he didn’t have any equipment; he had reached for them out of habit.
​Three goblins appeared around the corner. They spotted Jason as soon as he saw them. A goblin was a frail green creature that reached up to four feet tall. They were like small children, but that’s where the comparison ended. They had yellow eyes, long narrow ears, and jagged teeth.
Goblin - Level 1
Health: 50/50
​Each goblin wielded a dull rusty short sword. Before Jason returned to the past, he could just stand still and not take any damage, but he was no longer the same as before. If he wasn’t careful, he might very well lose his life here.
​Goblins were cowardly creatures, but their courage rose when surrounded by allies. Jason wouldn’t give them the initiative. He dashed forward, quickly appearing before the one in front. His knee collided with its chin, knocking it into the air. It collided on the ground and entered a stunned state.
-2
​Jason nearly fell over when he read the damage notification. 2? 2?! Just two hours ago, if he flicked a booger, he would have been able to kill a goblin, but now an all-out knee-kick dealt only 2 damage? The goblins didn’t let Jason’s slip in concentration go to waste. Two swords pierced through his stomach.
-9
-11
​The pain of having his stomach stabbed caused Jason to wince. He quickly chastised himself for losing focus during battle, something which only a rookie would do. Before the goblins could pull back their swords, Jason grabbed each side of their heads and knocked them against each other.
-3
-2
​Jason’s eye twitched, but he didn’t slow his movements. While the goblins were dazed, he yanked the rusty short swords from their hands and took a quick look at their stats.
(Crude) Rusty Iron Short Sword
Damage: 10
Requirements: 5 Strength
​Good enough. The two goblins shrieked in a foreign language when their weapons were stolen. Jason’s movements were smooth as butter as he slid each sword across the goblins’ necks.
-13
-12
​Much better. Jason smirked. The two goblins recoiled as green blood sprayed out of their necks. Jason twisted his chest, dodging the path of the blood. Normally such a wound would be fatal, but the tower had different rules than reality. Unless it was a skill that afflicted the bleed status, wounds wouldn’t bleed. Only a little blood would spray out. That was why Jason didn’t care about the two holes in his stomach. He was already used to the tower’s rules. However, a newb who had just entered the tower would probably grow scared and lose their life during the battle.
​Before Jason could attack further, the goblin who had been knocked to the ground stood up and attacked. Jason parried with one sword while plunging the other into its eye. It shrieked in pain while staggering backwards.
​All three goblins looked in horror at Jason. Their previous confidence was replaced by fear and a desire to run. Jason wouldn’t let them. He swiped out with his sword, sweeping them off their feet. The goblins fell to the ground with a thud.
​Jason changed to a backhanded grip and stabbed into the nearest goblin’s chest. It shrieked in pain as hole after hole appeared in its chest. A mere second later it dispersed into motes of light as copper coins landed on the ground with a clang.
​The other two goblins whimpered from the pain. One tried crawling away, but Jason pinned it against the floor with his foot before finishing it off. The last one quivered in fear as it too was finished off.
​Jason perked his ears but didn’t hear any other monsters approaching. Only then did he relax. Crouching down, he inspected his loot.
​Six copper coins and leather boots.
(Crude) Tattered Leather Boots
Physical Defense: 2
Requirements: 5 Vitality, 5 Endurance
​Jason shrugged. It was better than nothing. As he put them on, they magically changed shape to fit his foot. Another feature of the tower. The boots gave 2 armor, meaning if his feet were attacked, 2 damage would be negated. If any other part of his body was attacked, he would take full damage.
​Next, he picked up the coins and stored them in his inventory ring. If he recalled correctly, during this year, each piece of copper was worth around 1$. As time passed their value would drop as more copper coins became available. Being an ascender was profitable, although risky. Plenty lost their life in this profession.
​With weapons in hand, Jason began a slaughter on the first floor. Sometimes a goblin would be alone, but they were usually in groups of two to three. When he encountered another group of ascenders, he would casually nod and move on.
​A few hours later, his stomach rumbled pitifully. After finding a safe spot to rest in a tunnel that led to a dead end, he sat down against the wall and took out a sandwich, some fruit, and a bottle of water from his inventory ring. He ate quickly instead of enjoying the meal. The tower wasn’t a place to relax, except for a few locations.
​At the same time, he opened his status screen and found that he was level 3. In but a scant few hours he had gained two levels; such speed would leave others utterly stunned. More importantly, he gained 10 stat points, 5 for each level gained.
​Now was the hard part. Before he had returned to the past, his path was that of a defensive tank. Someone who would take blows for their allies. If his goal was to clear the tower as fast as possible in order to save humanity, would that path be enough? He wasn’t a genius like Roy or the other heroes, but he was a hard worker.
​He was confident that if he worked hard enough, he could become just as strong as Roy had, but did he have enough time? It would probably take him over a hundred years to reach that point. To learn how to master the skills Roy had had would take time. Time he didn’t have. It was better to follow his previous path, one that he was confident in.
​Even having reached this point in thought, Jason still hesitated. This decision would decide humanity’s future. He couldn’t be careless. Not now. The pressure mounted. It became stifling. It reached the point where he found it hard to breathe, and even his eyes burned. Gritting his teeth, he decided to throw caution to the wind and put 2 points into strength, 2 points into agility, 2 points into endurance, and 4 points into vitality.
​He had always fantasized about a path slightly different than his own. One in which he was still a tank but dealt significant damage. It would take specific items and skills to get there, but it was possible.
​Jason stood up and inspected his equipment. After hunting goblins for a few hours, he was now fully equipped in a set of tattered leather armor. It provided a meager amount of protection, but it was better than nothing. If he sold it outside the tower, it would be worth around a hundred dollars.
​As Jason made his way to the location of the portal that led to the second floor, he fell deep into thought. To make my path work, I need money. Lots of it. He thought of ways to make money, but all of them required power. Power he currently didn’t have. Forget it. First I should strengthen myself. Jason paused. Wait...
​The floors of the tower were large, much too large. The first floor was especially confusing. It was comprised entirely of tunnels. Guilds had long since mapped out these lower floors and sold the corresponding maps for a profit. Jason recalled that as of this time, the highest floor reached was thirty-nine. That didn’t mean that the guilds had mapped out that high, just that that was the highest floor reached. If he wanted to make money, it was simple. Sell maps of the floors.
​Who was more familiar with the tower than him? He could count the number of people who did on one hand, but that was before he traveled to the past. As of this moment, Jason knew more about the tower than anybody else.
​Being an ascender was an extremely risky profession, especially for the ascenders who were at the top. Having knowledge of the floors would increase their chance of survival dramatically. The top guilds kept most of the knowledge about the top floors to themselves. Only when enough people reached a floor would they sell information.
​If Jason sold a map of the floors which haven’t been fully explored, how much would those rich top guilds pay? He smiled at the thought.
Chapter 4
​Each floor of the tower was its own little world and existed independently from the others. At the edge of every floor was an indestructible barrier. The size of each floor varied greatly, from a city to even a country. Most important was that each floor had a theme.
​The first floor was simple. Thousands of interwoven tunnels filled with goblins. The second floor was slightly more difficult than the first. It too was packed goblins and tunnels, but the weapons they wielded were more varied. Instead of just short swords, they wielded spears, shields, maces, bows, etc. For newcomer ascenders with no combat experience, this changeup made things significantly more difficult. Dealing with a few goblins was simple for modern humans; goblins were short and frail compared to a tall and strong human, but once they started using different weapons, things became harder.
​To Jason, this was nothing. He’d fought against all types of weapons and monsters. He swept through the second floor without breaking a sweat. As luck would have it, he acquired a crude wooden buckler while making his way through the floor. It was a crappy shield, but a shield nonetheless. Using two short swords wasn’t uncomfortable, but using a shield was second nature to him. With it, his combat prowess immediately doubled.
​A few hours later he reached the third floor. He reached level 7 after slaughtering every goblin he came across. For every level he would gain 5 stat points. His plan for stat distribution was thus: 1 to strength, 1 to agility, 1 to endurance, 2 to vitality. After several decades of research and testing, this was found to be the best stat allocation for a tank.
​Jason felt a strong sense of familiarity when he inspected his surroundings. If he were to rank which floors he was most intimate with, the third floor would definitely rank among the top five. The first time around, Jason had passed the trial to become a Battleshields guild member. For a few years he was tasked with farming the third floor for materials. It was only after the Battleshields guild disbanded that he started to climb the floors.
​He was in a giant cavern filled with ravines. Beams of light fell down from holes in the ceiling, giving a bit of light. Attached to the walls of the cave was wooden scaffolding reaching multiple stories high. An incredibly complex system of pulleys and ropes could be seen connected to the scaffolding.
The air smelled of metal; mainly copper and iron. The sound of clanging echoed off the cavern walls, along with the shrieking of goblins. Indeed, the goblins had a major operation underway. The third floor was a massive underground mine packed with the little creatures.
For low-level guilds, the third floor was incredibly profitable. There was a special monster here called ‘goblin miner’ which had a chance of dropping copper, tin, or iron ore upon its death. These low-level guilds had multiple teams assigned here to hunt goblin miners and sell the drops to corporations on the outside.
It wasn’t apparent at first, but the towers were a goldmine. An infinite amount of materials could be brought out; wood, iron, copper, tin, coal, steel, mithril, etc. Now that two decades have passed since the arrival of the towers, a complex economy had formed around the tower. The materials were farmed by guilds and purchased by governments and corporations. And that was just for materials. Skills books, equipment, pets, mounts, and land within the tower were much more expensive. Much more.
All of these thoughts spun through Jason’s head as he glanced around. He stood on top of the scaffolding and got a good look at the cavern. Already he could see teams from different guilds fighting goblins for their loot. He even recognized some of them.
Competition between guilds was fierce inside the tower. There was no oversight here; no government, no military, no police. In the beginning, because things were so profitable, there had been countless fights between teams, leading to innumerable deaths. Eventually the guilds came to an agreement and farmed in designated locations only. But not all locations were equal. Some spots had rare spawns, more drops, better terrain, etc.
To prevent further fighting, the guilds decided that there would be a competition every month. Once a month, the guilds would gather together and compete against each other. The guild that won first place was allowed to pick first from the plethora of farming locations. The second guild was next, and so on and so forth. The weaker guilds could only complain inwardly. Of course, only the low-tier guilds fought over the farming spots on the third floor. The mid-tier, upper-tier, and top-tier guilds didn’t care at all.
As Jason’s thoughts reached this point, he couldn’t help but frown. If he started killing goblins here, there would inevitably be conflict between him and the guilds. He was much too weak to be a threat to even low-tier guilds at the moment, so in the end he decided to skip this floor and head to the next one.
He received glares as he passed by farming teams. Only after seeing his crappy equipment did they give a disdainful smirk before ignoring him. He knew what they were thinking. When the towers arrived, professions such as blacksmithing exploded in popularity, especially because outside weapons weren’t allowed into the tower. If you tried to enter the tower with a gun, you would be kicked out via teleportation.
As a result, as the years passed, blacksmiths became increasingly desired. They now made just as much money as top ascenders. As the skill level of blacksmiths rose, they were able to craft better equipment than the equipment dropped on the lower floors. For someone like Jason who wore goblin equipment, it meant two things: he was dirt poor and had no guild. Why would these farming teams worry about a newbie like him?
Jason thought he might be yelled at for encroaching on these teams’ territory, but his equipment led to him being ignored. He only shrugged in response. Better this than getting into pointless arguments.
Just as Jason was about to enter through the portal to the fourth floor, the cavern suddenly shook. Pieces of rock fell from the ceiling and crashed into the ground, with some even killing a few goblins. The shaking died down a moment later, but not before a roar echoed through the cavern.
“Oh?” Jason paused. He recognized the roar. It came from a rare monster called a rock golem. While the goblins were mining, they would occasionally wake up an earth elemental. An elemental was an unintelligent creature of nature, and the rock golem was of the earth attribute. If he recalled correctly, the rock golem that spawned here was a novice grade field boss.
Monsters were categorized by two things: their rank and grade. The ranks went from common, elite, field boss, to raid boss. The grades went from trainee, beginner, novice, apprentice, veteran, expert, master, grandmaster, to hero. The goblins Jason had fought were trainee common monsters while the rock golem that just spawned was a novice field boss. The two couldn’t even be compared.
Jason remembered that news of a rock golem spawning spread on the day he had passed his trial. The farming teams on the third floor tried fighting the rock golem, but even with all of them combined they were no match for it. In the end, an ascender from a higher floor killed it.
Just as Jason was about to leave this mess behind by entering the portal, he froze. Wait, the rock golem drops an incredibly rare skill for tanks. If I pass this up…
He clenched his hands as he fell into thought. As of this moment he was incredibly weak. Even if he did manage to kill the rock golem, would the farming teams let him leave with the loot? He was alone, while they were many.
“Well, I’ll check it out at least.” He turned around and made his way over to the rock golem.
Chapter 5
​During the process of mining, the goblin miners had created numerous rooms in the cavern walls. In one such room, a group of goblin miners were swinging their pickaxes tirelessly. Each time the pickaxe made contact with the wall, a little bit would chip away. Each collision would make a soft clang. The goblin miners had gotten used to such sounds.
​Among the numerous clangs, one suddenly sounded different. A goblin miner felt his arms vibrate from the collision. It was like he hit an indestructible wall, and he could even see a crack in his pickaxe. His face lit up with excitement as he called out to his brothers. All of the nearby goblin miners gathered around and inspected the cracked pickaxe. The only reason why it would break was because it encountered something it couldn’t damage. That meant a high-quality ore!
​The group of goblins swiveled their heads to take a look at the wall, only to freeze in shock. A face stared back at them. Embedded in the wall was a pair of hollow eyes. It glanced around the room before taking a close look at the pickaxes in the goblin’s hands. As if it understood what the goblins were doing, the room began to tremble. Two hands extended out of the wall and grabbed a pair of goblins before they could react.
​“Eeekkk!” The hands clenched tightly, and with a pop, the two goblins exploded. The rest of the goblins staggered backwards in horror.
​What followed the two hands were a pair of arms, then a head, a torso, and finally two legs. A creature made of rock towered high above the puny goblins. The goblins turned and fled. The golem let out a deep, booming bellow and chased after its prey. The goblins ran haphazardly in every direction, so the golem could only stomp a single goblin to death.
​It looked around the cavern, only to see a massive mining project underway. It could see thousands of goblins, hacking away at its home. The golem trembled in rage. As if the cavern and the golem were one, the entire floor began to tremble. Bits of the ceiling broke off, sending numerous boulders crashing into the ground. Several goblins died instantly, and some of the scaffolding broke apart.
​Just as it was about to go tear down the scaffolding, a group of humans appeared before it. Their eyes showed no fear like the goblins, but were filled with greed and anticipation. This group of humans was a team from the Quicksilver guild. They were close by when they heard the golem roar and were the first to arrive.
​The team leader, Andy, shouted anxiously. “Quick, let’s kill this rock golem!”
​“Andy, t-that’s a field boss. Are you sure we can kill it?” A black-haired youth trembled as he read the screen above the rock golem.
(Field Boss) Rock Golem - Level 15
Health: 1,000/1,000
​Andy knew more than the rest of his team. Unlike them, he’d been farming on the third floor for over two years now. He could count the number of times the rock golem appeared on one hand. By the time he’d arrived, there were already plenty of other teams fighting it. But this time he was actually the first to arrive. This was his lucky chance to get promoted!
​“Don’t worry, look at its health!” Andy didn’t want to waste time explaining.
​The black-haired youth took a closer look at the rock golem’s health.  “Ah? Why is it so low?”
​Andy was also confused as to why a field boss’ health was so low, but he didn’t have time to worry about it as he could already see another team approaching. “Quickly, kill it before the other teams arrive!”
​The other members of Andy’s team were excited at the prospect of getting loot from a field boss, so they rushed into battle. The black-haired youth drew back his bow and released an arrow. With a soft clang, the arrow bounced off the rock golem.
-0
​“Huh?” The black-haired youth could hardly believe his eyes. That wasn’t a regular arrow, but one backed by his skill ‘power shot’. It increased the damage of an attack by 25%. Even with that he dealt zero damage?
​Andy saw the zero-damage notification as he ran up to the golem’s feet. He shouted in frustration. “Use a skill next time!”
​The black-haired youth felt aggrieved. “I did!”
​Andy used the skill he was most proud of. He had used three months of pay to purchase ‘deadly blow’ from a merchant guild. It was what allowed him to become the leader of his team. When he saw the zero-damage notification, his heart leapt up to his throat. “How high is its armor?!”
​The golem didn’t feel a thing from the attacks, but that didn’t stop it from getting angry. It raised its foot and prepared to squish Andy. Andy jumped out of the way just as the foot smashed into the ground. A shockwave rippled outwards, knocking him off his feet. He felt the wind knock out of him as he hit the ground. He could only watch as the golem reached down to pick him up. Andy wanted to move, but he couldn’t find the strength to.
​Just then, a ball of fire collided against the golem’s face. The golem stiffened before turning its attention towards a human garbed in robes. Andy calmed his breathing and fled. Only when he was a safe distance away did he look back. The person who saved me was Richard? Richard belonged to the Farcry guild. The Farcry guild had a decent chance to win first place in the monthly competition on the third floor. They were one of the strongest low-tier guilds.
​Damn. Andy clenched his teeth. He knew he had no chance of getting the loot from the field boss now that Richard was here. Richard was an incredibly strong fire mage. Andy had personally fought against Richard in the competition and suffered greatly at his hands. Andy’s teammates gathered around him.
​The black-haired youth exclaimed. “Is this boss broken or something? Why can’t we deal any damage?”
​Andy was the most experienced among his team, so he explained. “It’s an earth elemental, so it has naturally high armor, and because it’s a field boss, it's even more exaggerated.”
​The black-haired youth’s face lit up with realization. “I see! But isn’t this only the third floor? Shouldn’t we at least be able to deal some damage?”
​Andy shook his head in defeat. “A field boss is stronger than I imagined. I’m afraid only people on Richard’s level can damage it.”
​Richard cast another fireball. It flew through the air and exploded on the golem’s chest, knocking it back a step.
-0
​“Huh?” Andy’s eyes nearly popped out of his head when he saw the damage screen. “Even Richard can’t damage it?”
​“Hahaha!” A condescending laugh rang through the cavern. A female youth arrived, flanked by three people. She wore blue robes and held a gnarled staff in her hands. “Richard, is that the best you can do?”
​Richard gritted his teeth in shame and anger. The girl was his biggest rival, Ashley. They became ascenders around the same time and constantly fought in the competition. Their record against each other was 3-3. To put on such a pitiful performance before his rival caused him to turn red in embarrassment. He could only spit out. “Try it yourself.”
​“Okay!” Ashley’s eyes twinkled as she flicked her fingers. A stream of water appeared around her, forming a whip. ‘Water whip’ was her strongest spell. It had already reached the beginner grade, increasing its damage dramatically. The whip flew forwards and flicked the golem’s head. This time it was knocked two steps back.
​“Heh.” Ashley had a look of victory on her face. Richard only knocked it back a step, but she knocked it back two steps. Only when she read the zero-damage screen did her expression falter.
​“Hahaha!” Richard’s laughter rang out through the cavern. Seeing his rival knock the golem back two steps caused his mood to sour, but when he saw the zero-damage screen, he was instead delighted.
​“This boss is broken, damn!” Ashley cried out in embarrassment.
​The golem roared out in anger. It made its way towards the humans surrounding it, but it was too slow compared to them. It only ended up being kited around the cavern. Over ten teams had arrived by now. All of the people with ranged skills and spells attacked relentlessly, but none of them dealt any damage.
​After ten minutes, Andy shouted in frustration. “This is a waste of time, screw this!”
​He commanded his team to go back to farming. Even Richard and Ashley dealt no damage, much less him. A bunch of teams seemed to wake up to reality after they saw Andy’s team leave. They had been blinded by greed, but now they saw that it was hopeless. Only Richard’s and Ashley’s teams remained behind.
​Richard and Ashley stood side by side as their team’s tanks kited the rock golem. Both Richard and Ashley were each grasping a necklace in their hands. It was the necklace of communication. The necklace allowed one to communicate with others, as long as a few conditions were met.
​After a moment, Richard and Ashley gave each other a smirk. “Want to bet who will get it?”
​“Definitely my older sister!” Ashley raised her chin proudly.
​“Hmph, we’ll see about that.”
​Both Richard and Ashley belonged to top low-tier guilds. Their guilds could just barely afford to hand out a few necklaces of communication to their members. Both of them knew just how valuable a field boss was, especially a rarer one like the rock golem. Even if they couldn’t kill it, sending this information to their guild would give them a bit of contribution.
​Ashley’s older sister was the guild master of her guild, while Richard was the most talented person in his guild. The only problem was that he had only been an ascender for less than a year, so his position in the guild was low. In terms of backing, Ashley was more formidable than him. Most likely, the guild master of Purity, Ashley’s guild, would arrive personally.
​“Just you two are left, huh?” A voice came from beside Richard and Ashley.
​Richard and Ashley turned towards the voice, only to see a man in shabby, low-quality gear. They immediately determined that the man was guildless and broke. Even though their positions and backing were vastly different, Ashley gave a few words of warning. “Be careful, that’s a field boss, it’s much stronger than a goblin.”
​Jason had just arrived after hurrying over, only to see two teams left. As he saw the tanks kiting the rock golem without fighting it and the necklaces around Richard and Ashley’s necks, he immediately understood what was going on. I have about ten minutes, should be enough.
​Jason cracked his neck as he strode forward. Ashley was startled. “Hey, didn’t you hear me?”
​“Let him be.” Richard snorted. He already looked down on Jason for his gear, but now that Jason had ignored his rival, Ashley, Richard felt personally attacked. He couldn’t wait to see Jason be smacked to death.
​Hm, two short swords will be better than using a shield for this fight. Jason stored his shield and took out the short sword that he’d saved before looking up at the golem. It stood twenty feet high and had thick rocky limbs. Its strengths were immense physical power and high armor. Its weaknesses were its slow speed and the joints in its limbs.
​Jason’s eyes flashed. There!
​He dashed up to the golem just as its foot landed. With a twist of his body, Jason carved his sword across the joint connecting its lower leg and upper leg. Bits of dirt splashed across his chest.
-15
​Before the golem could respond, Jason utilized his speed to the limit and attacked three more times.
-16
-12
-13
​The golem roared in pain. It twisted its head and gave Jason a fierce glare before punching down with its fist. Jason smirked. “Too slow!”
​Just as its fist was about to smash into him, he took a simple step back and dodged the attack. The golem missed, but its fist continued downward and smashed into the ground. Before the shockwave reached Jason, he jumped up and climbed onto the golem’s thick arm. He grabbed onto small crags and made his way to the golem’s neck. He used one hand to hold him in place and used the other to stab into the golem’s neck. It was child’s play.
-29 Critical!
​Most monsters had a weak spot. If this spot was attacked, an attack would deal double damage. The golem’s weak spot was the joint in its neck, and Jason took full advantage of this. The golem roared in anger. It used its hands to slap at Jason, but he crawled all over it like an agile monkey. No matter how hard it tried, it couldn’t hit him.
​Richard and Ashley had long since fallen into shock. When they saw Jason dodge the first attack by taking a simple step back with no wasted movements, they immediately knew something was off. Perhaps it was only by chance, they thought. But when Jason jumped up and climbed all over the golem as if it was his own backyard, they knew he was skilled.
​But there was one thing they were confused about. Why would such a skilled expert like Jason be in crappiest gear in the whole tower?
​Ashley bit her lip and glanced at Richard. “How come he can deal damage?”
​Richard took a closer look at Jason’s actions. After a few seconds he exclaimed. “He’s hitting the joints that are connecting the golem’s limbs!”
​Ashley watched Jason hit the golem’s neck and nodded. “You’re right! Is there no armor there?”
​“Quickly, let’s get some damage in!” Richard began casting a fireball. Ashley followed suit.
​If they dealt some damage to the rock golem, when it died, they would gain a portion of the experience. And if they dealt a significant amount of damage, they could argue that they deserved a portion of the loot. Both of them told their teammates what they learned, and soon roars of pain came from the rock golem.
​Now that they’d learned the trick to killing it, the rock golem was no match for the ascenders. After five minutes, it fell to the ground with a thud. Jason was the closest one when it died, and when he saw the skill book that dropped, he quickly picked it up and used it.
You have learned 'Earth Armor'.
​“How dare you!” Richard roared furiously. Not only did Jason take the skill book without consulting them first, but he actually dared to consume it before their very eyes. A ball of fire shot towards Jason, followed by a water whip.
​Jason felt sorry for taking loot before consulting with the other parties involved in the kill, but he desperately needed this spell. His future depended on it. With a simple backflip, he dodged both the fireball and the whip. When he landed on the ground, he put his weapons away and shouted. “Sorry!”
​When Richard and Ashley saw how easily Jason dodged their spells, they momentarily paused, but when Jason said sorry, they were enraged. “Stealing loot and then apologizing? Have you no shame?”
​“Surround him!” Richard gnashed his teeth.
​Jason scratched the back of his head as the two teams surrounded him. He truly felt embarrassed for stealing loot, but he really had no other option. He would rather have a hit to his reputation than the possibility of losing out on the skill book.
​“What’s going on?” A charming voice rang out.
​“Where’s the field boss?” A deep voice sounded out at the same time.
​Richard recognized the voice. He turned around and exclaimed. “Guild master!”
​“Big sis!” Ashley ran up to her sister and hugged her arm. She pointed at Jason. “We killed the rock golem together, but he actually stole a skill book that dropped right away!”
​Amanda, the guild master of Purity, squinted her eyes at Jason. “Oh? A loot thief?”
​“How despicable!” The guild master of Farcry, Henry, stepped forward. “Hand over the skill book right now, or else!”
​Richard growled. “He already used it!”
​Amanda and Henry knew more than everyone else here. They were aware of the skill book that the rock golem dropped, and how valuable it was. Because of this, Jason felt killing intent rolling off of them.
​“To be fair, I dealt over 50% of the damage to the golem. Me being the first to choose the loot is fair enough. I don’t want anything else.” Jason explained after a moment of thought.
​“Oh, is that true?” Amanda was surprised. A single person dealt more than two teams combined?
​Ashley nodded truthfully. “That’s right. If it wasn’t for him, we wouldn’t have been able to kill it.”
​Amanda took a second look at Jason. Equipment from goblins, does he have no backing? Then how was he able to deal so much damage? Wait, is he one of them? After a moment, Amanda sighed. “Fine, since you dealt over 50% of the damage, then you have the right to pick first.”
​“Many thanks.” Jason nodded gratefully towards Amanda.
​“Hmph! Brat, this better not happen again.” Henry glared at Jason like a tiger eyeing its prey. If Amanda hadn’t been there, he would have killed Jason to teach him a lesson.
​Jason ignored the rest of the loot at his feet and walked off. When he found himself alone, he sighed softly. I can’t believe Henry let me off so easily. Henry was a tyrant among the low-tier guilds. He was known for his short temper.
​Just then, a notification appeared before Jason.
Your performance has impressed Aros, the God of Battle.
Do you dare take his trial?
Yes / No
*If you pass the trial, you will become a champion of Aros.
​“Are you serious?” Peals of thunder went off in Jason’s head.
Chapter 6
​The champion of a god. Before Jason returned to the past, there were tens of thousands of people who had qualified to take the trial of a god, but fewer than a thousand successfully passed. The people who failed died during the trial. It was incredibly dangerous, and yet that didn’t stop people from trying. If you became a champion of a god, you gained incredibly strong abilities based on whatever god you were representing.
​Roy, for example, was the champion of the god of light, Piety. Many among Jason’s comrades had been champions of a god. Unfortunately, Jason had never qualified for a trial. In a twist of fate, on the first day he traveled to the past, he actually qualified for one. The only question was: should he take it?
​Who was it that became the champion of Aros? Jason thought back to before he returned to the past. He knew a lot about the different champions that came and went over the decades, but he didn’t recall anybody being the champion of Aros. Was it that none qualified, or did they all die during the trial?
​Should I do it, or not? He would undoubtedly gain incredible strength if he passed the trial, but if he failed, humanity was doomed. He thought about his time limit of five years. Five years to clear the tower. Could he do it as he was now? He lacked the confidence to answer.
​Jason’s heart hammered in his chest as he pushed the ‘yes’ button. The world suddenly twisted, and before he knew it, he found himself in a milky white world. Ahead of him hovered an elderly man sitting cross legged a few feet off the ground. He had a short grey beard and wore a plain grey robe. The elderly man’s eyes slowly opened. As they did, Jason felt himself drown in bloodlust. Even the milky white world turned blood red. The world returned to normal a split second later and if it wasn’t for the sweat that covered his body, Jason would have thought that what just happened was an illusion.
​“Good, you can handle this level of killing intent. It seems I wasn’t mistaken in choosing you.” The elderly man’s voice came from every direction, as if the world and him were one.
​“Sir, might you be Aros?” Jason bowed respectfully, his heart still beating rapidly. The man before him had no screen above his head. Only humans from outside the tower had no screen, but Jason knew that the man before him was not like him. He felt no presence from the man at all, like he didn’t even exist.
​“It is I.” Aros stood up straight as his feet touched the ground.
​Jason recalled the killing intent that nearly caused him to fall unconscious. He gulped. “Sir Aros, was that the trial?”
​Aros laughed lightly. “Of course not. Do you think becoming my champion is so easy?”
​Jason shook his head. Not even Baal, the final boss of the tower, had such a fearsome killing intent. It seemed like Aros could kill with bloodlust alone. Based on what Jason knew about the other trials, Aros’s trial was most likely one of the harder trials, and might even be the hardest. He was already starting to regret accepting this trial, but now that he’d committed, he couldn’t back out.
​“Sir Aros, I’m ready whenever.” Jason demeanor was respectful. If he somehow angered Aros, he could die with a single snort.
​“Good.” Aros snapped his finger. A cracked grey sword suddenly appeared in the air before plunging into the ground. It sunk halfway into the floor before stopping. At the same time as it appeared, the air became as sharp as knives. Tendrils of grey energy wrapped around the sword, and when one tendril touched the floor, a deep cut appeared. So sharp! Jason was profoundly shocked.
-15
-15
-15
​Every second, a damage notification appeared, as well as a gash in Jason’s armor. He immediately jumped backwards. The further away he got from the sword, the less damage he took. When he was a hundred feet away, the air returned to normal. Jason was deathly afraid as he took a look at the sword. No way, is that?
​Roy had had a divine-grade sword, and he felt that the two were comparable. Equipment had classifications just like monsters. It went from crude, basic, grand, rare, arcane, heroic, unique, celestial, and divine.
​Aros’s figure flashed, and in the next moment, he appeared at Jason’s side. Jason wiped the blood from his cheek as he asked hesitantly. “Sir Aros, is that sword of the divine grade?”
​“Grade? It has no grade. It’s just a sword I used in my youth.” Aros chuckled as he playfully rubbed his beard.
​“As expected of a god…” Jason mumbled. He turned to Aros. “Sir, what exactly is the trial? Do I have to pull it out of the ground?”
​“No.” Aros folded his hands behind his back. “To become my champion, there is but one requirement: to possess a battle physique.”
​A battle physique? Jason had never heard of this term before. Instead of interrupting, he waited patiently. Aros continued. “A battle physique is one in which every fiber of your body has been filled with battle energy. Usually it would be impossible to get one in this tower, but fortunately for you, I’m here.”
​Aros pointed at the cracked sword. “As this sword accompanied me in my youth, it bathed in my battle energy and eventually possessed its own. To acquire a battle physique and thus pass my trial, you must bathe in this battle energy. The closer you get to the sword, the faster it will be.”
​Jason immediately did some calculations. Considering that at a hundred feet away he took 1 damage a second, and at thirty feet away he took 15 damage a second, he would most likely be immediately killed if stood before the sword. Jason asked respectfully. “Sir, how long would it take if I stood a hundred feet away?”
​A playful glint appeared in Aros’s eyes as he replied. “About a thousand years or so.”
​“As I thought…” Jason mumbled to himself. There’s only one way to leave a trial, and that was to pass it. Jason didn’t have much time. He set a limit of five years for himself, but if he was stuck in the trial for the whole five years, that would just be the greatest joke of all time.
​“Well, I’ve said everything that needs to be said. Good luck.” Aros disappeared silently, leaving Jason alone in the white world.
​Jason’s eyes hurt as he focused on the sword. It was like he was being stabbed. Summoning his resolve, he stepped within the hundred-foot range and sat down. Every second a damage notification would appear, informing him that he took 1 damage. Considering that he restored 1 health every two seconds, he would eventually have to take a step back or else he would die.
​When his health was nearly 0, he stepped back and waited for his health to restore. A few minutes later, he stepped in range of the battle energy again. When this happened a few times, a screen appeared before him.
Battle Physique: 0.0000000000001%
​Jason’s face fell. This really will take a thousand years. Is this trial impossible?
Chapter 7
​The Jason of the future, before he’d traveled back in time, would have been confident in completing this trial.. He’d had ridiculous levels of regeneration and all sorts of defensive skills. Standing before the sword would be no problem at all, but right now he was only level 10. He’d gained three levels from killing the rock golem, but it still wasn’t enough when he distributed his points.
​“Am I going to die here?” Jason muttered to himself. He only had enough food for three days, not a thousand years. Aros must have known this was impossible for him, and yet he still summoned Jason here. No wonder the god wore that playful smile.
​After ten minutes, Jason realized his equipment was losing durability every second. It would all be destroyed in less than an hour, so he stored them in his inventory. This only increased the pain he felt when he was cut by the battle energy, but he could handle it. One thing that a tank needed to have was a high tolerance to pain. A tank would be the focus of many spells, curses, and attacks. If a tank faltered for just a second, it could lead to a party wipe. Thus, Jason prided himself on his ability to take pain.
​Jason was quickly losing hope, and soon the idea that he was going to die here was taking over his mind. He truly regretted taking this trial at level 10.
​A notification, separate from the battle physique, suddenly popped up.
Earth armor has leveled up.
It is now trainee grade level 2.
​Peals of thunder exploded in Jason’s mind. He recalled that the skill he’d acquired from the rock golem was earth armor. If that was the case, then this trial wasn’t actually impossible. Normally, leveling up earth armor and skills like it were a bitch, but because he took an attack every second it gained experience much faster than normal.
Earth Armor - Level 2 0.2% - Trainee
Reduce the damage from all attacks by 0.2.
​Level 1 earth armor reduced damage from all attacks by 0.1, so each level would increase the damage reduction by 0.1. If it continued to level up like this, then the trial was impossible. But Jason knew that when a skill upgraded to the next grade, it would gain a boost in power.
The main reason why Jason and his allies had been able to survive until the very end of humanity wasn’t their incredible innate talent or their equipment. It was their ridiculously high skill levels. The trial just so happened to be the best method to powerlevel the earth armor skill. If Jason’s allies had found out that he had the opportunity to powerlevel a skill, especially a rare one like earth armor, they would definitely have been jealous.
Earth armor has leveled up.
It is now trainee grade level 3.
Earth armor has leveled up.
It is now trainee grade level 4.
Time dragged on. Only pure willpower pushed Jason onward. He rationed his food, and because he wasn’t doing anything strenuous, he would be able to last much longer until he starved. Finally, the moment he was waiting for arrived.
Earth armor has broken through to the next grade.
It is now beginner grade.
Earth Armor - Level 1 0% - Beginner
Reduce the damage from all attacks by 1
Now every time it leveled up it would increase by a whole digit. A smile broke out on Jason’s face. He couldn’t be more delighted. In just six hours of lazing about, he had broken through an entire grade. Standing a hundred feet away from the sword now dealt no damage, and yet he was still gaining progress towards a battle physique. He stepped forward to stand ninety-nine feet away and started taking damage again, but it was only a fraction of a digit. Jason made his way until he was ninety feet away before being unable to progress further.
The battle physique was now progressing much faster than before, but at this pace, it would still take hundreds of years. I gotta be patient. The reason why he was able to bear the pain and boredom was the anticipation of increasing his skill level. He knew how hard it was to level them. He once again sat on the ground. It would be some time until earth armor upgraded again.
​As Jason was bearing the pain of being slashed apart, the god of battle, Aros, was watching from an independent space.
​When the first humans entered the tower, Aros was at a glance able to tell that the humans of Earth had no potential. It was clear that the planet was devoid of mana. He had been a bit impressed that Jason was able to deal with a higher-level field boss with no skills, so he thought he might as well give Jason a chance. Unlike the other gods, Aros had incredibly high standards. No other human had demonstrated decent battle prowess until he saw Jason.
​Jason was level 7 with a near perfect mastery over his body, was able to see through to an enemy’s weaknesses and exploit them, anticipate enemy attacks, keep an eye over his surroundings, and so much more. He was lacking in some areas, but considering he had just entered the tower, he was the best seedling Aros had seen. Even if that was the case, Aros’s bottom line was that his champion must possess a battle physique. No ifs ands or buts.
​The closer to the sword one was, the purer the battle energy would be. If Jason in his current state was able to touch the sword, he would instantly complete the battle physique trial and be shredded to pieces at the same time.
​As time passed, Aros started to grow more and more excited. “The other gods have been picking on me for not having a champion. Has the time to show off my skills finally come?”
​After three days, Jason reached the sixty-foot mark. In one week, the forty-foot mark. In two weeks, the thirty-foot mark. It became increasingly harder to progress the closer he got. Aros guessed that the ten-foot mark would be his limit, and after three weeks, his guess turned out to be correct.
​Jason’s condition was appalling. He was much thinner than three weeks ago because of rationing his food. There was nothing to quench his throat or satisfy his stomach. In addition to starving, he had a splitting headache.
​I’m so close, and yet so far away. He was a mere ten feet away from the sword. The grey tendrils of battle energy were but an arm’s reach away. Jason was certain that if he even touched one of the tendrils, it didn’t matter how high his defense had become, he would instantly be killed.
​Even if Jason had more food, he wouldn’t be able to progress the skill much further. The higher a skill was, the harder it was to level. After earth armor reached the veteran grade, it gained experience at a snail’s pace.
Earth Armor - Level 1 0.9% - Veteran
Reduce the damage from all attacks by 100.
Battle Physique: 99.9%
​At any moment he would gain the battle physique, and yet a frown appeared on his face. His mind raced. Will the trial end immediately after I gain the battle physique? Should I go for it?
​Jason had a crazy idea. He wanted to rush up to the sword and store it in his inventory. It was a daring plan. If he miscalculated, he might end up dead. Yet even so, he wanted to give it a try. Aros might have said the sword has no grade, but it's definitely comparable to a divine-grade sword.
​Jason knew better than most how powerful a divine-grade weapon was. Roy was the only one among the last hundred survivors to have a divine-grade weapon, and it was of significant help in killing Baal, the final boss of the tower. If he gave up the chance to acquire a divine-grade weapon now, he would definitely regret it.
​“Screw it!” Jason commanded his body to summon what power it had left. He kicked off the ground and dashed madly towards the sword. For the past minute he had been watching the grey tendrils of energy, and he had seen an opening. This was his chance.
​As soon as he stepped within eight feet a cut appeared on his cheek.
-1
​At six feet, blood sprayed from his chest as a long gash appeared.
-24
​At four feet, he gritted his teeth as pain shot up from his waist. Without looking down, he knew it wasn’t good.
-53
​At two feet, he tumbled to the ground. His leg had been cut straight off by the battle energy. Instinctively, he pushed out with his arm, his fingers stretched. In that split second, as he hit the ground, his finger touched the surface of the blade.
​“GET IN!” he roared with all his might.
​The air turned gentle. Jason lifted his head and saw a hole in the ground. There was no sword. Next to the hole were bits of bloody flesh. His hand, wrist, and lower arm were cut down to the bone. Looking down at his body, he saw that his left leg had been severed at the knee, and that he was covered in gashes of various sizes. He broke out in a cold sweat. That was more dangerous than I thought.
​“Are you crazy?!” Aros’s voice rang out from beside him.
​Jason forcibly bore the pain racking his body as he gave Aros a grin. “Hey, it’s a nice sword, all right?”
​Aros trembled in rage. His sword! His beloved sword had been plucked away by some twenty-something-year-old baby. That sword had accompanied him for hundreds of years; it was a precious keepsake of his. Yet now it had been taken by some brat?
​“You-” Aros forced down what he wanted to say when he noticed Jason was unconscious. He took a closer look at Jason’s wounds and fell silent. Having the will to enter that field of battle energy to take the sword when he is so weak takes incredible determination. Bah, I might as well let him have it.
​“Forget it. Let the karma between me and the sword be severed.” Aros waved his hand dismissively, but his heart was pained.
​A short time later, Jason awoke with a start. He habitually inspected his surroundings, and only when he determined he was safe did he let out a sigh of relief. No longer was he in that white space, but instead back on the third floor. He no longer felt any pain, hunger, or thirst. Looking down, he found that his body and weight had returned to normal. I’ll have to thank Aros for restoring my body.
He froze. What happened? Did I pass? And the sword? Where’s the sword?
​Jason quickly sent his mind into the inventory ring. Only when he found the sword hovering in the air did he relax. The rest of the inventory was empty. Where’s my equipment?
He laughed bitterly when he realized the equipment he stored inside his inventory had been destroyed by Aros’s sword. Looks like I need to get new gear. His earth armor skill was better than the goblin equipment anyway, so it was no big deal.
There’s no way I can wield Aros’s sword as I am now. If Jason took Aros’s sword in hand, he would be killed in a matter of seconds. He’d have to wait until he was stronger to use it. He wondered if he passed the trial of Aros.
He summoned his character screen and froze.
“This, this is a little too good to be true right?” he muttered aloud.
Being the champion of Aros is a little too overpowered, isn’t it?!
Chapter 8
Battle Physique Stage 1
Gain +25 Strength, +25 agility, +10 Vitality, +10 Endurance, +5 Tenacity, +5 Fortitude.
Gain 100 Battle Energy.
Gain the 'Chop', 'Cleave', and 'Sever' skills.
*Regenerate 1 Battle Energy a second up to a maximum of 100.
*A Battle Physique can be upgraded to the next stage by absorbing Battle Energy from weapons.
Battle Energy required to reach Stage 2: 0/100,000.
​Becoming the champion of a god gave a boost in stats. It differed depending on the god, and it looked like Aros focused on strength and agility, with vitality and endurance coming in second. Roy was always discreet about what he gained from being the champion of Piety, so Jason didn’t have a clear idea on what being a champion truly meant. Only now did he realize how powerful a champion was.
​In total, he gained eighty stats, which was the equivalent of sixteen levels. He was only level 10, and yet he had the same stats as a level twenty-six ascender if you didn’t include their equipment.
​After gathering his thoughts, he focused on the three skills he’d gained. He was familiar with the skills chop, cleave, and sever, but when he read their information, he was completely baffled. Aren’t they completely different?
